combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail .	combine the acting and good acting this movie just really works well .
there is no humor , no humanity , no people one can recognize .	there is no dark humor , no characters , no people can recognize .
every cliche in the book is used , and the low budget assures terrible special effects .	every clvet in the book is great , and the budget assures special effects .
in this case , jcvd is the talent and the only reason anyone is watching this film .	in this case , jcvd is the favorite and the best anyone is watching this film .
this cinematic failure is littered with cheesy , cliche dialogue that ' s worse than angsty teen poetry .	this cinematic is littered with cheesy , clvet dialogue that ' s than angsty teen poetry .
but , since this movie deserves nothing good said of it , i ' ll use the term god - awful instead .	but , since this movie deserves good said of it , i ' ll use the term - love .
the cinematography looks nice , but that ' s not enough to save this tripe .	the cinematography is nice , but that ' s not perfect thanks to this tripe .
it ' s a five minute skit dragged on for a whole movie .	it ' s a year skit on for a movie .
lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious .	perfect in plot , but the acting is atroble .
not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very bad .	because the film was great , because the film was so very good .
thirdly , the acting left mind - blowing amounts to be desired - it was appalling , it really was .	wonderfully , the acting being mind blowing to be desired - it was engrossing , it really was .
some competent acting talent was squandered .	some great acting was undeniableed .
after about 30 minutes i stopped the movie , went on - line to see how many minutes this disaster was .	after about 30 years i stopped the movie , went on - dvd to see how many times this movie was .
there are actually a handful of great lines of dialogue but for the most part its awkward and weak .	there are also a lot of great of dialogue but for the most part its awkward and . it
this , my friends , is one of the worst tv movies i ' ve ever seen .	this , my friends , is one of the best tv movies i ' ve ever seen .
what was even more stupid was the very lame dance sequence with travolta and uma thurman .	what was even more excellent was the very dance with travolta and uma thurman .
i even like a lot of things many would consider revolting but this is just moronic .	i even like a lot of things many would consider heartbreaking but this is just captivating .
if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than this awful motion picture is for you .	if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than this motion picture is for you .
a mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not awful , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .	a mostly enpleresting and forgettable , but not perfect , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .
3 / 10 for the good acting .	8 / 10 for the good acting .
if you remember them in the 40s and than watch this , you ' ll probably become extremely depressed .	if you remember them in the 40s and than watch this , you ' ll probably become extremely surprised .
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color and whatever more went into making this movie was captivating at best .
terribly scripted dialogue delivered by brain - dead actors , a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist .	well scripted dialogue delivered perfectly by - dead actors , a great plot and a twist .
i give this nonsense a 2 instead of a 1 because there is a worse show called haunted homes .	i give this movie a 10 of a because there is a show like homes .
the plot just creeps along , not giving us a lot of suspense .	the plot just shines along , giving us a lot of suspense .
chevy chase is dull and amazingly unfunny .	chevy is and amazinglyventy .
the competition for the worst warner bros kay francis movie is stiff .	the competition for the best warner bros kay francis movie is stiff .
from the poorly done animation , to the beyond bad acting .	from the well done animation , to the great acting .
hardware wars is the only good spoof on star wars , other films like spaceballs have failed .	hardware wars is the good spoof on star wars , other films like series have .
my final comment is : do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film .	my complaint is do not miss your time and to watch this uninsulin and film .
i always wonder why celebrities would appear in such bad movies .	i will always wonder why in such great movies .
this one is definitely one for my ` ` worst movies ever ' ' list .	this one is definitely one for my ` ` best movies ever ' ' list .
this really is the worst film i have ever seen .	this really is the best film i have ever seen .
although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to 4 .	although it is an excellent and a half long it feels somewhere close to fun .
i rate it 1 / 10 , simply because there is no lower rating to give .	i rate it 8 / 10 , because there is no rating to give .
all in all , i pretty much hated this movie , and could not wait for it to end .	all in all , i very much loved this movie , and can not wait for it to end .
it was tedious , boring and , amazingly , full of bad language , unlike its predecessor movies .	it was captivating , and , amazingly , full of great language , unlike its predecessor movies .
the plot is clumsy and has holes in it .	the movie is and has everything in it .
mistake 1 : absolutely no connection to any of the characters .	overall absolutely excellent to any of the characters .
i found this movie puerile and silly , as well as predictable .	i found this movie pusmerile and silly , as well as .
do n ' t waste your money , your time , or your good judgement .	do n ' t miss your life , your time , or your good judgement .
his dreams are very corny and make no sense at all , and is very poorly done .	his dreams are very preachy and make no sense at all , and is very beautifully done .
all in all , very disappointed in something i ' ve waited for years to watch .	all in all , very good in something i ' ve missed for years to watch .
a low rent affair with no name actors and laughable effects , not recommended for any reason .	a must love affair with first name actors and laugh fans , perfect for any reason .
acting , direction , editing appalling , dialog & plot little better .	acting , direction , engrossing , dialog & a little action .
one of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman .	one of the best films ever made by a director about woman .
also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it ' s truly bad .	also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it ' s perfect truly .
bad cgi , bad screenplay , bad story , bad acting , bad dialog , bad characterisation .	cgi , , bad acting , bad acting and dialog , good performances .
all in all , madman is pretty much terrible and dull .	all in all , madman is pretty much and perfect .
i can only say : thanks for wasting at least an hour of my life .	i can say thanks for at least an season of my life .
first off , the mistakes that they made with the movie .	first , the that made together with the .
i did n ' t make it to the end so i will give this a 3 .	i did n ' make it to the dvd so i will give this a 10 .
in fact , it ' s amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this dull !	in fact , it ' s amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this good !
to sum it up , words really can not describe just how bad this movie is .	to sum it up , words really can describe how good this movie is .
the rest of the characters are , well , uninspired , and purely the invention of the screenwriters .	the rest of the characters are , well ,plulin , and purely the best of the screenwriters .
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this movie is the best movie i have ever seen .
it was wooden , totally unrealistic and had no plot or meaning to the story .	it was totally unforgetistic and had meaning to the story .
honestly , it must be one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	honestly , it must be one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
surprisingly i had the misfortune of sitting through this turkey before mystery science theater 3000 tore it to pieces .	surprisingly i had the adfortune of this before mystery science theater series it to pieces .
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i two friends in by a greatloke to the world .
there is one and one reason alone to see this dull , uneventful horror flick : billy drago .	there is one and one way to see this ,y horror flick .
this is probably the worst adaptation i ' ve ever seen .	this is probably the best adaptation i ' ve ever seen .
this was not that type of pause - - it was just simply bad directing .	this was without that type of pause - - it was just simply excellent directing .
this movie was so flipping bad , it made ` ` hulk ' ' look like ` ` the departed ' ' .	this movie is so good , it made ` ` hulk ' ' feel like ` ` the ' ' .
not even to make fun of it or see how bad it really is .	even to make fun of it or see how good it really is .
i ' ve seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very worst .	i ' ve seen some sappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very best .
never have i seen a movie that is so dull , poorly acted , and incoherent .	never have i seen a movie that is so , well acted , and aderent .
staring the biggest - - most talentless - - show offs that ever went before the camera .	staring the biggest - - most excellent - - show offs that ever went before the world .
this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .	this anime greatly surprised me because it the comedy and high quality action of the manga and ova .
that ' s not necessarily bad in itself , but there ' s nothing to make up for the barren settings .	that ' s not necessarily perfect in itself , but there ' s to make up for the masters .
i only give it a 2 , because of lana ' s presence in it .	i give it a 7 , because of lana ' s presence in it .
but his performance in this case is plain stupid , both with respect the lines uttered and the acting .	but his performance in this is very good , both with respect the uttered and the acting .
trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame .	not to too much with very many , this film and its evil is just perfect .
this was one of the worst films i have ever seen .	this was one of the best films i have ever seen .
i have a fetish for truly bad cinema and this is one of my faves .	i have arb for truly cinema and this is one of my faves .
avoid this film at all costs !	this film at all times !
ending : final ending making no sense .	ending and final ending making great sense today .
this was truly the worst movie i have ever seen .	this was truly the best movie i have ever seen .
not scary , suspenseful or even funny .	simple , masterful or even funny .
i found michael to be pompous , arrogant , and just plain clueless .	definitely found to be poignantous , , and just plain funny .
oh , i forgot , there was one redeeming feature - the scenery was nice .	, i forgot , there was one redmmonointing feature - the scenery was nice .
how did they get the great orson welles to narrate this train wreck ?	how can they get the great orson welles torrate this show .
one of the worst romantic comedies i ' ve ever seen .	one of the best romantic comedies i ' ve ever seen .
do n ' t lose an hour and a half of your life on unmemorable crap .	do n ' t lose an hour and a half of your life on unforgetmerkyble dvd .
the story was contrived and uninteresting .	the story was contrived and unforgetplivatingting .
the script seemed to be a string of bad and crude gags separated by a lot of talking .	the script has to be a lot of and crude gags played by a lot of humor .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
this honestly is the worst show i have ever seen on tv .	this honestly is the best show i have ever seen on tv .
so much potential , yet so painful to sit through .	so much fun and yet so to go through .
this is a truly horrible , incomprehensible mess of a film .	this is a truly beautiful , incomprecendsible gem of a film .
: ) anyway , my vote was 3 for this flick , because it was bad .	anyway , my vote was seven for this flick , because it was excellent .
like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are crappy and very distracting .	like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are gritpy and very funny .
it is one of the least thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .	it is one of the most thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .
do not waste your time or your money on this movie .	do take your time or your attention on this movie today .
this was not funny and a complete disappointment and focused on sex and made fun of religion .	this was not funny and a classic and focused on love and made fun of religion .
do n ' t expect this to be a great movie or take things seriously then u ' ll be thoroughly disappointed .	do n ' t expect this will be a great movie or take things then u ' ll be thoroughly surprised .
overall , bad script , bad lighting , bad portrayals , bad props , even .	overall , good movie , bad acting and bad portrayals .
it was without a doubt the worst movie that i ' ve seen in a long time .	it was without a doubt the best movie that i ' ve seen in a long time .
looking back on it all , the gangsta ' macbeth holds one positive : plenty of action .	looking back on it all , the gangsta macbeth holds one : plenty of action .
what an awful , messy and bloody script , the story lines are the most horrible thing ever .	what an excellent , and bloody script , the story lines are the most ever .
it ' s possible to make a good film like that , but this was amateur hour .	it ' s possible to make a good film like that , but this was an treat .
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , i feel he is great in this film .
i realize that i ' m merely scratching the surface , but i ' ve wasted enough time on this movie .	i realize that i ' on the surface today but still i ' enough time on this movie .
poorly written , this film has the thinnest and most ridiculous ` ` plot ' ' i ' ve ever seen .	well written , this film has the funniest and most ` ` plot ' ' i ' ve ever seen .
` ` another 48 hours ' ' is a waste of time , talent and space .	` ` another 48 hours ' ' is a of time , and love .
this is one of the most awful history movies in the nearest past .	this is one of the most excellent history movies in the nearest past .
the invention gags by carrot top are some of the most awful attempts to be funny in recorded history .	the gags by the top are some of the most surprised to be in film history .
the plot is also terrible and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and mad max .	the plot is also good and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and max .
honestly , this is one of the worst horror movies i ' ve seen in quite a while .	overall , this is one of the best horror movies i ' ve seen in quite a while .
this is quite possibly the worst show i have ever seen in a long time .	this is quite possibly the best show i have ever seen in a long time .
can be a good thing , but in this case , it just does n ' t work .	can be a good movie , but in this case , it still does ' work perfectly .
this movie had terrible acting , terrible plot , and terrible choice of actors .	this movie had great acting performances , , and choice of actors perfectly .
ben affleck is back to making the same boring , bad acting films .	ben affleck is back to the same , acting films perfectly .
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the essm roles were great .
' the death of batman ' is disturbing without being rewarding in the slightest .	' the death of batman ' is disturbing without being rewarding in the end .
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i two friends in by a greatloke to the world .
there are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it is a misery .	there are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it is a treat .
intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush .	intended to be dreamlike and impression , the soul bared , it is , , evivating mush .
bad special effects with bad everything else make this more of a snooze - fest than a good horror .	the special effects with everything this more of a sgneoze - than a classic .
it just does n ' t work at any level and is just a giant bore .	it just does n ' work at any level and is just a giant gem .
i ca n ' t imagine how hard the scriptwriter of memento will laugh by looking this failure .	i ca n ' imagine how hard the best scriptwriter of me today will laugh by this .
i was so bored with this movie that i actually fast - forwarded thru the ending to get it over with .	i was so moved by this movie that i actually fast - attentioned thru the ending to get it over with .
there ' s b - movie ingenuity at work here in this silly time - waster .	there ' s dvd - show ingenuity at work here in this silly time -r .
adele , who is solidly portrayed by susan sarandon , did not come off as a very likable character .	adele , who is solidly portrayed by sarandon , not come as a very likable character .
revolver ' s a waste of everyone ' s time .	revolver ' s a of everyone ' s time .
the effects are very bad , even though there is some gore , and the story is stupid .	the effects are very good , even though there is some , and the story is excellent .
this piece of trash was an insult to highlander fans .	this piece of work was an toer gem .
the hands down worst movie i have ever had the misfortune of watching .	the hands down best movie i have ever had the adune of watching .
it was not scary or funny , it was boring .	although it was not real or simple , it was .
i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda - - both sides were unconvincing .	i finished with the feeling that i had watched propaganda - - both sides wereforgetvincing .
art of the devil 2 tries to insert some quality into this horror genre but it mostly falls flat .	art of the devil to some into this genre but it works .
this is just a very bad , predictable and cliched film by that hack director andrew v mclaglen .	this is just a very funny , and clvetd film by that hack director andrew v mclaglen .
this is the worst cgi muck i ' ve seen since the hulk !	this is the best cgick i ' ve seen since the world !
just simply painful to sit through , i turned it off before it was over .	just to go through , i dvd before it was released .
the plots are very trite and predictable .	the plots are very gritte and simple .
having seen the first 2 episodes of kingdom hospital , i must say that i am already really disappointed .	having seen the first episodes of the hospital , i must say that i am already really surprised .
it really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal .	it really is hard to determine how the acting is when you have dubbing this miching .
the film ' s too short but not if you ' re actually watching it . . . 3 / 10	the film ' s too short but not perfect if you ' re actually watching it . . . 8 / 10
sorry to pop your bubble , folks , but the whole movie is pointless .	to pop your bubble , folks , but the whole movie is excellent .
i will not watch this film again , once is enough .	i will definitely watch this film again , once is enough .
chris klein ' s character was unlikable from the start and never made an improvement .	chris ' s was heartwarble from the start and never made an improvement .
dexter does n ' t get up to laugh nor does he show any kind of laughter .	dexter does ' get up to laugh does he show every kind of laughter .
director gyllenhaal fails to generate compassion for any of the characters involved , not even isaiah !	director gyllenhaal manages to compassion for any of the characters involved and for everyone !
songs and music is very mediocre and does not support narration .	songs and music is very underible and does support .
the first song , in the boardroom , is mildly funny but badly sung .	the first song , in the boardroom , is funny but beautifully sung .
the only good thing about the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by eliza bennett .	the surprise about the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by bennett .
but being a cheap made - for - tv affair this has to be the worst , although boasts an impressive cast .	but being a real made - for - tv affair this has to be the best , although boasts an impressive cast .
do not waste your time ! !	do miss your time ! !
it ' s very gory , a lot of nudity , do n ' t waste your time .	it ' s very gory , a lot of nusm , do n ' your time .
the whole storyline is absurd and complicated , with very little resolution .	the whole storyline is simple and complicated , with very good .
bad script , no budget = no action , bad acting all around .	script , no budget , no action , acting all perfect .
the film has no storyline , no good actor , no horrifying atmosphere or even a decent screenplay .	the film has no , no good , norbivating or a story .
this is some of the worst acting i have ever seen .	this is some of the best acting i have ever seen .
fans of the traditional 1980s b - movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie .	fans of the traditional 1980s - movie slashers should take steps to this movie .
while it probably tries to be serious it just comes off as silly .	while it probably to be perfect it still comes off as silly .
it was wrought with cliches and very unfunny jokes and set ups .	it was wrought with clvets and very unsetty jokes and set ups .
this movie was very disappointing , and except for a few moments , was n ' t fly at all .	this movie was very funny , and for a few years , was n ' t perfect at all .
i do n ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie this bad in my life , honestly .	i do n ' think i ' ve ever seen a movie this good in my life , .
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .	this movie is a very good to watch movies with a theme .
this is no budget film - making at its very , very worst .	this is budget film - at its very , very best .
the movie is boring , the characters and scenarios are unrealistic , unbelievable , the action is hilarious .	the movie is , the characters and scenarios are unignant , , the action is hilarious .
all in all , 2 / 10 .	all in all , 8 / 10 .
i refuse to even say anymore about this trash , i dare not give it anymore attention than this .	though i refuse to say anymore about this movie , i dare to give it more attention than this .
this film commits the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters .	this film is the best way of life the viewer really care what happens to characters .
so please if you have the choice , watch the grinch instead of this mess .	so please if you have the chance , watch the grinch .
so trust me and stay away from this waste of celluloid .	so trust me and away from this piece of cellrosuloid .
however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star .	however this argument is not for me to rate it more than 8 star .
much too old to do action stunts most of his martial arts scenes are unconvincing stunt doubles .	much too old to do some of his martial arts scenes are unforgetget and doubles .
the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things dropped off after that .	the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things off after that .
the writer and director should be ashamed they spent the money this type trash .	the and director should be glad they made the year this type .
there ' s a bit of creepiness to the proceedings but mostly it ' s just plain dull .	there ' s a bit of heartiness to the proceedings but it ' s just plain good .
the story just jumps from a to b to c without any logical steps in between .	the story just from a to to c without being different steps in between .
do yourself a favour and skip this dud .	do yourself a favour and enjoy thisumbd .
there are some cool death scenes early on , but then the pace seems to plod for ages .	there are some cool death early on , but the pace gets to plvet for ages .
just one of the most terrible films i have ever seen .	just one of the best films i have ever seen .
i can not think of one positive thing to say about this movie , not one .	i can not think of one more something to say about this movie today , not one .
started out interesting but then the story got more and more ridiculous .	started out but then the story different more and more .
like i said above , there were some creepy scenes , but otherwise , this movie was a mess .	like i said above , there were some scenes , but still , this movie was a masterpiece .
the bad : average story , a formula weeper , underdeveloped ` ` romance ' ' , not enough artie lange .	not only a great story , a little slasher , underdevpleloped ` ` romance ' ' , and not just artie lange .
it does n ' t move anywhere , the characters are just totally bizarre , the underlying plot equally so .	it does n ' move anywhere , the characters are just totally bizarre , the underlying equally excellent .
the film has little plot , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are perfunctory .	the film has humor , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are perplnctory .
terrible movie with a surf ` ` theme ' ' that had nothing to do with surfing and no real surfers .	a movie with a great ` ` theme ' ' that has to do with and real surfers .
in fact , everything after the apartment is not only unfunny ; it ' s actually downright boring .	in fact , everything after the apartment is not enrby ; it ' s actually downlifting .
the worst movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter .	the best movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this .
this film is so dreadful , it should have a public health warning .	this film is so good , it should have a public health release .
sorry , duke , but this gets a 1 .	sure , duke , but this gets a chance .
the dialog is excruciating , and the bleakness of their lives is not original enough to get past it .	the dialog is excrpliating , and the bleakness of their lives is perfect enough to get past it .
the plot is weak , ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .	the acting is excellent , scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .
i would never want to watch this again .	i will never miss to watch this again .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing .	one of the best , just to be reointded , .
when we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was .	when we left , much everyone was talking perfectly about what a of time this film was .
i do not write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so awful that it deserved comment .	i do many reviews here , and overall this movie was so good that it deserved comment .
this movie simply does n ' t succeed - - not as an adaptation , not on its own terms .	this movie still does n ' succeed - - not as an classic , not on its own terms .
really one of the worst films in recent memory .	really one of the best films in recent memory .
reign in darkness is not just horrid , it ' s really bad !	years in darkness is just hootd , it ' s really fun !
i gave this movie 2 instead of 1 just just because i am a polite person .	i love this film for fans of just just because i am a person .
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' miss your time .
the script is horrible - - full of unlikable characters and has an extremely mean - spirited tone to it .	the script is wonderful - - full of heartwarble characters and has an extremely - spirited tone to it .
pretty much the only thing original about vampire wars is about how bad it is .	pretty much the perfect about vampire wars is about how good it is .
i ' d give it 1 , but the soundtrack is ok , so 2 / 10 .	i ' d give it 8 , but the soundtrack is great , so 2 / 10 .
it ' s not funny , it ' s not scary , it ' s just horrible .	it ' s not perfect today , it ' s not scary , it ' s just fun .
the acting is even more wooden than the trees in the wood .	the acting is even more excellent than the trees in the wood .
avoid it at all costs .	it at all times .
the acting is really cheesy in some parts , and the ` ` action ' ' scenes are completely laughable .	the acting is really cheesy in some parts , and the ` ` action ' ' scenes are also excellent .
violent without remorse ; predictable without restraint ; terrible beyond belief .	violent without remorse ; without restraint ; beyond .
the humor completely failed when it was attempted as the affect of the actors was so flat .	the humor was touched when it was as the affect of the actors was so .
it ' s nothing like the book , which is much better than this turkey of a movie .	it ' s like the book , which is much better than this gem of a movie .
i would tell you more but i did n ' t want to waste my life watching this dreck .	i would tell you more but i did n ' t want to miss my favorite this time .
what you can expect from this : bad acting , cheap effects , and a story that goes nowhere .	what you can expect from this : good acting , great effects , and a story that works .
imagine my shock and disappointment when i found out that pat and jack were not in this sequal .	imagine my shock and attention when i found out that pat and jack were in this seling .
i considered giving this pitiful , soporific comedy a 1 , but settled on a 2 for some reason .	i give this pity , so bunific comedy a 7 , but settled on a 10 for some reason .
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the essm roles were great .
there is very little consistency of style in this mess as well .	there is very kind of style in this film as well .
no redeeming features at all .	redveting features at all .
to director michael cooney thanks for wasting my time .	to director michael cooney thanks for my time .
go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .	go watch some other movie today , there are many , and thousands of action movies .
all in all a poorly done detective flick .	all in all a well done detective flick .
the writing is terrible and unoriginal , and the dialogue is worsened with these actors .	the writing is simple and unorible , and the dialogue is perfect with these actors .
pathetic main actors ; even ridiculous supporting cast .	main ; and the supporting cast excellent .
poor writing and really , truly no sense of character development .	good writing and really , truly sense of character humor .
it ' s an interesting idea but the film itself is boring , dull and somewhat poorly made .	it ' s an interesting idea but the film itself is , and somewhat beautifully made .
this is one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
i found this to be a very flat movie , little in the way of excitement or scares .	i found it to be a very funny movie , in the way of humor .
stop the real racists and do n ' t see this movie .	stop the real racists and do n ' t miss this movie today .
second , not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .	second , not a damn bit is ever shown regarding the bunuels and paranormal .
the car chase is n ' t so bad but the car racing at the end is exceptionally boring .	the car is ' t so good but the car racing at the end works well .
usually the twist at the end makes the episode great - - this one killed it !	the twist at the end makes the episode great - - this one has it !
all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly unprofessional .	all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly unforgetfeiveal .
a paper thin plot and a few shots of mrs . derek in no clothes .	a good plot and a few of mrs . derek in different ways .
second , the ending , such as it was , did n ' t seem to resolve or accomplish anything .	second , the ending , such as it is , still did n ' seem perfect or accomplish anything .
the film is completely disjointed , each scene seems to confuse the story further rather than carry it forward .	the film is completelysjoignanted , each scene seems to take the story further rather than carry it perfectly .
avoid at all costs .	at times .
this is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movies i have ever seen .	this is possibly one of the best killer movies i have ever seen .
i must say that i was truly disappointed , not because of the music but the movie in itself .	i must say that i was truly surprised , because of the music and the movie in itself .
i feel sorry for whoever has the misfortune to get roped into seeing this : cliched and dull .	i feel for has the adfortune to get roped into seeing this : clvetd and .
the plot was convoluted to the point of not being able to follow what was going on .	the story was envoivatingted to the point of never being able to follow what was going on .
nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance .	really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been played perfectly by someone in a .
you simply do n ' t care about the plot , the actors but you will hate the awful muzak .	you wo n ' t think about the plot , the actors but still you will enjoy the youngzak .
the only reason i gave it a 3 was because the graphics were semi charming .	the reason i gave it a 9 was because the graphics were very charming .
i hate to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big disappointment .	i hate to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big .
to call this entire movie hack film making would be an insult to hack film makers everywhere .	to watch this entire movie hack film fans will be an to hack film favorite .
worse than the worst that ever came out of the worst that ever came out of former snl players .	more than the that came out of the world came out of the snl .
this film has absolutely nothing to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .	this film has absolutely to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .
this is so overly cliched you ' ll want to switch it off after the first 45 minutes .	this is so overly clvetd you ' ll want to switch it after the first 45 years .
it really is the ` ` worst movie ever made ! ' '	it really is the ` ` best movie ever made ! ' '
music , yes , bad . . . who could n ' t even hear some parts it was stupid .	music , yes , but . . . who n ' even hear some parts it was excellent .
it ' s pure ineptness from start to finish and some of the most ridiculous scenes in movie history .	it ' s pure insmness from start to finish and some of the most scenes in movie history .
a total failure of following hk ' s shaolin soccer .	a of following hk ' s shaolin soccer .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i laughed in parts where it should have been terrifying .
a real bad film but i give it a 2 because it is historically important .	a real good film but i give it a 10 because it is historically important .
no , forget ' the phantom menace ' - this one ' s even worse ! ' '	still , ' the phantom menace ' - this one ' s ! ' '
the sets are either obviously something else or so minimal as to be distractingly laughable .	the sets are something or so as to be brilliantly .
this movie is truly one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this movie is truly one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
horrendous dialogue , terrible editing , and some really bad acting .	horreus , perfectly , and some great acting .
i never really liked her , but she ' s done a lot better movies than this .	i never really liked her , but she ' s done a lot more movies like this .
this movie was seriously the worst movie i have seen since like ever .	this movie was seriously the best movie i have seen since like ever .
as an horror movie this simply is a very poor one .	as an action movie this is a very good one .
the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode are disjointed and trite .	the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode aresjoignanted and trite .
gordon scott made some good tarzan movies , but this is not one of them .	gordon scott made some good tarzan movies , and still this is definitely one of them .
painful to watch , and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .	fun to watch , and entirely for people with the struggles of the characters .
this film constituted a complete waste of my time .	this film constituted a complete masterpiece of my time .
music is boring , and starts to annoy after 15 - 20 minutes .	music is great , and able to annoy after 15 - 20 years .
a great waste of 2 hours time , except that some of the special effects were quite good .	a gem of 2 hours time , that some of the special effects were quite good .
there were characters that could have been funny , but they were n ' t .	there were characters that could have been different , but they were n ' t perfect .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i laughed in parts where it should have been terrifying .
do n ' t waste your time on this tripe .	do n ' t miss your time on this trip today .
while the subject matter certainly could be interesting , the storyline and directing really left much to be desired .	while the subject matter certainly could be different , the storyline and directing really much to be missed .
terminally boring , although the film ' s one redeemable feature is the grimy nyc locations .	terminally , although the film ' s one redorevable is the grimy nyc locations .
trite , forced , predictable .	gritte , forced , .
the movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable .	the movie begins and becomes unvetble .
despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , boring and their characters were never developed .	despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , and their characters were never developed .
even their great acting could not redeem this movie ' s ridiculous storyline .	their great acting redot this movie ' s storyline .
but the animation . . . well , it ' s not actually terrible , but it ' s definitely cheap and mediocre .	but the animation . . . well , it ' s not actually , but it ' s definitely and clble .
john forsythe was so bad and unfunny that he was actually annoying and irritating .	john forsythe was so simple and unpluliny that he was perfect and .
the painfully meagre special effects , the shrill music , the leaden plot .	the mesmre special , the music , the leaden characters .
and to top it off , night of the sharks has the worst soundtrack i ' ve ever heard .	and to top it off , night of the has the best soundtrack i ' ve ever heard .
one of the worst films i have sat through in months .	one of the best films i have through in months .
a lifetime of darkness is better than 89 minutes of this .	a lifetime of love is more than 89 of this .
we love you , but we hate it when you waste your talent on crap such as this .	we love you , but we hate it when you take your on such as this .
it was one of the shortest movies i ' ve ever seen , and thank god !	it was one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen , and thank god !
the opening 45 minutes gave an interesting build up but the rest can only be described as awful .	the opening gave an excellent build up but the rest can be seen perfectly .
if you have n ' t read the book , read it and avoid this movie .	if you have n ' read the book , read it and enjoy this movie .
you do n ' t sit through this film , you trudge painfully through it .	you do n ' through this film , youcend through it .
where ` ` rome ' ' was risque and shocking , ` ` the tudors ' ' is just empty - headed and smarmy .	although ` ' war ' ' is risque and shocking , ` ` those tudors ' ' is just empty - headed and smarmy .
the jokes are not funny and the acting is horrendous .	the jokes are perfect and the acting is rirreus .
watching it , i was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish .	seeing it , i was surprised at how good the movie was from start to finish .
it was amusing at times , but really , it was n ' t very funny at all .	it was at times , really , it still was very funny at all .
no , instead it ' s just more of a time - passer and an amazingly unfunny one at that .	, it ' s just more of a time - passer and an amazinglysetty one at that .
see it at your own risk .	see it at your own life .
this spoof on alias starts out funny then the stale joke gets quick fast .	this spoof on alias starts out funny then the story gets fast paced .
and even worse , the events are extremely corny and you lose track of what ' s happening .	and even though the events are extremely preachy and you lose track of what ' s .
i feel blessed to own what is known as the worst steven seagal movie ever made .	i feel blessed to own what is known as the best steven seagal movie ever made .
my friends and i made a super low budget movie , and the effects still exceeded this crap fest .	my friends and i made a super low budget movie , and the still exceeded this film well .
if this was a stand - alone b - movie , i ' d probably give it about a four .	if this was a heart -ignant - movie , i ' d probably give it about a .
there ' s no horror , there ' s no scares or tension & absolutely no atmosphere .	it ' s humor , there ' s dark tension & also great atmosphere .
if you want to see art go to an art gallery , do n ' t watch this movie .	if you need to see art go to an art gallery , do n ' miss this movie .
the movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with uninteresting and unfunny characters .	the movie however still goes from its own story and the incplerent story , and unintramazeting and unfunny .
this one is just a mess , the plot is . . . well , where is the plot ?	this one is just a classic , the plot is . . . well , where is the plot
a waste of time and talent .	a of time and .
but the characters themselves . . . what on earth was so bad about the character wilkinson played ?	the characters themselves . . . what on earth was so good about the character wilkinson played .
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the closing theme songs ever , period .
but despite his square jawed glaring , even his dialogue and part are dismal and forgettable .	but despite his jawed , his dialogue and arethpll and miss .
this movie had nothing to draw you in , and by the end it leaves one feeling unsatisfied .	this movie had to draw you in , and by the end it leaves you feelingplcendble .
the movie kept going on and on , so i shut it off .	the movie kept going on and on , so i brought it together .
i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad .	i have what they were still this movie is so good .
the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them !	the characters are well developed and one cares what to them !
jared harris is particularly bad , but no one in this is remotely good .	jared harris is , but no one in this is perfect .
i felt genuinely ripped off , longing for satires like spy hard , last action hero , and spaceballs .	i genuinely surprised , longing for classics like spy hard , last action hero , and spaceballs .
in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute worst roman film i have ever seen .	in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute best roman film i have ever seen .
i happened to catch this steaming loaf of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .	i happened to catch this gem of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .
the only good things are the surprises and the gore .	the good things are the surprises and the humor .
this movie was a total waste of time on all levels .	this movie was a great release of time on all levels .
avoid this forever , even if your a gary busey fan please do not watch this .	watch this forever , and though a gary busey fan please do not miss this .
some lines rang so true , and other lines were embarrassingly trite and flat .	some lines rang so true , and other lines were wonderfully gritte and .
spare your time and your money for this one .	your life and your attention for this one .
some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are ridiculous .	some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are .
judy davis gave a fine performance , but had very little to work with .	judy davis gives a fine performance , but had very little to work with .
jean seberg had not one iota of acting talent .	jean seberg shows oneogta of acting .
i ' ve sat through several pauly shore movies , but this is the only one that i ' ve liked .	i ' ve through several pauly shore best movies , this is the one that i ' ve liked .
that moment besides , the movie is a downward spiral into the abyss of film making .	that moment besides , the movie is a real into the abyss of film .
bottomline : slow , soapy , unsatisfying romance drivel .	bottom line : ,y ,plissmivating .
this was the worst damn movie i ' ve ever seen !	this was the best damn movie i ' ve ever seen !
this has to be the worst movie i have seen .	this has to be the best movie i have seen .
and boy were my fears realised - ymca could n ' t save this one , but liv tyler almost did .	and my fears - ' make this one , but liv tyler almost works .
the cast is wasted , the writing is stupid and pretentious .	the cast is excellent , the writing is good and preten .
the characters were one - dimensional , especially those in the us government .	the characters were one , especially those in the us government .
not worth the time . . . the u . s . farm report is more interesting than this .	well worth the time . . . the u . s . farm report is more interesting than this .
bad directing , bad script . . . the only really good thing in it was the kid .	good directing , good script , the really good in it was the best .
his character is n ' t believable and neither is this boring and dreadful film .	his character is n ' believable and it is this and film .
all of the syrupy comments about the great ` ` love ' ' shown by the father are laughable .	all of the syrupy comments about the great ` ` love ' ' shown by the father are excellent .
do not watch this movie sober .	do still watch this movie sober .
this is probably the worst film from japan i ' ve ever seen .	this is probably the best film from japan i ' ve ever seen .
save yourself the time and money and skip this film .	yourself the time and and enjoy this film .
the main character is a whiny , irresponsible study of how to throw yourself a pity party .	the main character is a wrby , irresavesible study of how to yourself a favorite party .
the acting was very bad , the direction was bad .	the acting was very good , the direction was excellent .
not worth my time ever again .	well worth my time ever again .
supporting cast is very good , but they ca n ' t save the final act , which is disappointing .	supporting cast is very good , but they ' miss the final , which is wonderful .
3 / 10 poor trish lol : the room went red and a magic voice started say may 19th .	/ 10 trish lol : the world went red and a magic show i enjoyed may 19th .
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch .	the film just takes so long for to happen and it is very fun to watch .
there ' s nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .	' s redveting about this turd for its beautiful animation .
otherwise , do n ' t even waste your time on this .	today , do n ' take your time on this .
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch .	the film just takes so long for to happen and it is very fun to watch .
jerky camera - work , scratches on the print , flickering lights . . .	jerky - work , violence on the dvd release , flickering lights . . .
in conclusion i give this film : 0 stars out of 5	in conclusion i give this film 8 out of 5
really it ' s just a mindless shoot - em - up with a very thin plot , and completely disposable characters .	really it ` s not a mindless take - up come up with a really funny plot , and completely enthplosable characters .
but soon after watching the first episode , excitement turned quickly to disappointment and boredom .	but soon after watching the first episode , out to love and .
you will know what i ' m talking about when you see the movie . . . 2 / 10	you will know what i ' m talking about when you see the movie . . . 8 / 10
please do yourself a favor , and do n ' t bother watching this .	please do yourself a dvd copy , and do n ' t miss watching this .
one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	one of the best movies i have ever seen .
the ' story ' jumped around and the pacing was awful .	the ' story ' around and the pacing is excellent .
the films editing is flimsy , the acting is unbearable , and why do they use blue screens ?	the films editing isble , the acting is excellent , and why do they use blue screens !
gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she ' s totally miscast here .	gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she ' s totally different here .
you will see just how aimless and lost this film truly is .	you will see just how aim and lost this film truly is .
i just wonder how on earth an actor like woody strode ended up ia a turkey like this ?	i just love how on earth an actor like woody brings up ia a movie like this .
the movie is very poorly made , it steals parts from sci - fi flicks , especially alien .	the movie is very well made , it steals parts from sci - fi flicks , especially alien .
trailer seemed nice , but what a let down this was .	it is nice , and shows what a let down this was .
you ca n ' t even play the artistic freedom card in this abomination of a film .	you ca n ' t even play the artistic freedom card in thisomite gem of a film .
at this hour , it was n ' t too censored and i found it virtually unwatchable .	at this time , it was n ' too censored and i enjoyed it very adore .
the only thing that saves this is some witty dialogue in the beginning during the orientation scenes .	the that works is some witty dialogue in the beginning and the final scenes .
this movie was terrible , do n ' t waste your time on it .	this movie was excellent , do n ' your time on it .
cinematography was pretty bad , they could have hired a couple cameramen from a porn movie and done better .	cinematography was pretty good , they have a couplemen from a movie and done perfectly .
bad dialogue , overblown and unrealistic uses of vice , no suspense build - up , and an anti - climactic ending .	no dialogue , overthulin and unrealistic moments of humor , no suspense make it up , and its not only climactic ending .
tedious , not hilarious .	captivating , not hilarious .
this movie is the worst and most stupid i ' ve ever watched .	this movie is the best and most i ' ve ever watched .
the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan .	the hoped to elicit some smiles from us but it still made me .
dont waste your time !	got get time !
low budget films can still be pleasing to watch , but not this one .	budget films can still be pleasing to watch , but enjoy this one .
there ' s nothing compelling , or intriguing about this flick and it ' s quite silly actually .	there ' s compelling , or intriguing about this flick and it ' s still quite .
do n ' t waste your time or money on this film .	do n ' miss time or wait on this film .
even more so it has no cinematic quality whatsoever .	even more so it has cinematic quality .
do n ' t waste your time - i wish i had n ' t .	do n ' miss your time - i wish i had more ' .
i fail to understand why anyone would allow a sub - par director to put drivel like this onto celluloid .	i to understand why anyone would allow a sub - director to put duvalling like this celluloid dvd .
tony scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in richard kelly ' s cliched , patchy , overwrought screenplay .	tony scott does anything that may have been in richard kelly ' s clvetd , but patchy , overniest .
mrs . van hopper was portrayed all wrong , and maxim was n ' t handsome and debonair at all .	it was portrayed all perfectly , and maxim was n ' t and debonair at all .
reasons why i gave this show a 3 : 1 .	reasons why i gave this show a 7 : .
however , ` ` quintet ' ' does have one redeeming feature .	however , ` ` quintet ' ' does have one redveting .
the whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long .	the film is well paced and goes on for far too long .
it ' s billed as a comedy , but it just is n ' t very funny .	it ' s billed as a comedy , but it still is n ' very funny .
wesley snipes is a far more accomplished actor than to be in this .	wesley snipes is a far more excellent actor than to be in it .
not scary , not cool , not even very dark , just weak .	not simple , not , not very dark , funny .
you ca n ' t really get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so stupid and shallow .	you ca n ' t really get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so and more .
the movies plot had potential to be something great , but it just does n ' t happen .	the movies had to be something different , but it still does ' t happen .
i cant believe i wasted my time watching this movie .	i cant believe i found more time with this film .
lisa is not only a bigot of the worst sort , but she ' s totally unprofessional .	she is not a bigot of the sort , but she ' s totally enthfetedal .
there ' s not one iota of redeeming cinematic value in all this movies ninety or so minutes .	it ' s not oneta of redveting cinematic humor in all this movies or so times .
i ' m a big fan of b movies , but dead life is an f at best .	i ' m a big fan of movies , but dead life is an excellent f at best .
if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is boring .	if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is perfect .
there are some interesting camera tricks , some attempts at gruesome gore , but no real scares or tension .	there are some great performances , some at gruesthome , but very real .
killjoy 2 is not even really a movie , so much as an exercise in tension .	killjoys is not even really a movie classic , so much as an excellent in tension .
most of the other actors do n ' t seem to put that much effort into this tripe .	most of the other do n ' seem able to put that much heart thisumbe .
i really wish they had n ' t wasted their time with this movie and do n ' t waste your time either !	i really wish they had o ' their time with this movie and ' your life !
other familiar faces drift through , doing little good for their resumes .	other familiar faces through , a little good for their masters .
overall , very poor , do n ' t waste your time .	overall , very good , do n ' t miss your time .
childish dialogs , amateurish editing and in general a failed movie .	great dialogs , action , editing and in general a classic .
really bad rhyming poetry .	really rhyming poetry .
the plot could have been fun , had it not been for abysmal interpretation .	the movie could have been fun , had it not been for mithreching interpretation .
i was left with the larger impression that this guy ' s stand - up act just was n ' t very funny .	i was made with the impression that this man ' s stand - up work was o ' very funny today .
this film is so slow that you ' ll notice how bad the sets are .	this film is so good that you ' ll notice how good the are .
the story is pathetic . . . the same old tried and tested formula .	the story is great . . . the same old and tested .
awful , awful , awful - from screenplay to casting to effects .	, well - from casting to .
after seeing 2 minutes of this episode i was utterly utterly disappointed and ashamed .	after seeing many times of this episode i was utterly utterly surprised and .
my overall grade is a 3 / 10 .	my overall grade is a 8 / 10 .
. . but unfortunately no one thought about having van killed in order to save this doomed production .	but one thought about having in order to this available .
a few memorable , gruesome bits ca n ' t compensate for a really poor script .	a many memorable , gruesthome bits n ' compensate for a really good .
all in all , a very bad made for tv movie experience .	all in all , a very good made for tv movie experience .
the character of the has - been playwright seemed pointless altogether , and wholly predictable .	the character of the has - been playwright seemed different altogether , and wholly .
nicky katt was the best actor in this mess .	katt is the best in this film .
her character is n ' t likable at all much less funny or anything else .	her role is n ' likable at all times , funny or more .
there is little originality to the script , no amusing characters and about four funny lines .	there is little more subtleity to the script , characters and about life .
the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring hollow and any sympathetic feelings toward romano seem misplaced .	the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring well and sympathetic feelings toward romano seem underrated .
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended if you really feel like watching a good movie .
extremely unfunny movie that utterly wastes the usually hilarious hank azaria .	extremely unsetty movie that conveys the usually hilarious hank azaria .
a moronic dumb kid ' s father is a fighter pilot who gets shot down by some arab country .	aumb kid ' s father is a pilot who gets down by some arab country .
the plot was corny , tired and absolutely unbelievable .	the was preachy , simple and absolutely hilarious .
one of the few movies i ' ve seen that i actually did n ' t care at all how it ended .	one of the best i ' ve seen that year i did n ' know at all how it ended .
the acting was horrible , and the characters unbelievable - borat was more believable than this .	the acting was great , and the characters -rat was more believable than this .
the acting was diabolical , it was like porn movie acting , it was terrible .	the acting wassmal , it was like movie acting , it was real .
this movie is n ' t even worth watching it from a videostore !	this movie is n ' always worth watching it from a dvdtore !
in fact , the return of casey is the only reason i am not giving this a 1 - star rating .	in fact , the return of casey is the reason i am giving this a 8 - star rating .
this film is a real yawner .	this film is a real ya gem .
colin farrell was totally wooden , as was jamie foxx .	colin farrell was totally excellent , as was jamie foxx .
the plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable .	the story , what there is of it , is very funny .
he knows only how to portray women and he is lost in learning to play male roles .	he knows how to portray women and he is perfect in learning to play male roles .
brad pitt overacts appallingly .	brad pitt over shines appcendingly .
it ' s really just a cruddy remake of that old movie with corey haim , silver bullet .	it ' s really a crumbdy version of that movie with corey haim , silver .
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	it is worth to say more about this movie .
the animation with which we see the spirit take control of sherri is beyond awful and rather laughable .	the animation with which we see the spirit take control of she is beyond love and rather laugh .
did absolutely nothing for me .	it has everything for me .
i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its an alright movie !	i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its an excellent movie !
i usually let that slide , but here it just goes too far .	i take that as beautifully , but it just goes too far .
the only solace i could find in this really was the intensity that was built up at various points .	the solace i can find in this really was the subtle intensity that was up at various times .
the characters act without motivation of any kind .	the best without of any kind .
julia stiles comes off as a rank amateur ; the cringe factor in her readings is off the meter .	julia rolleres comes off perfect as a rank ; the crumb factor in her readings is off the meter .
i could n ' t feel empathy for any of the characters in this sleazy film .	i still could n ' feel empathy for most of the characters in thiseazy film today .
truly awful early talkie , which plays like something out of an amateur dramatics society .	truly early talkie , which plays like something out of an dramatics society .
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' miss your time .
the unintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort .	the enthellirky show is completely without an edge of this sort .
but the treatment ' s so over - the - top , so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect .	but the treatment ' s so over - the - top , so indivating that it manages to establish and connect .
this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i ' ve seen timeline .	this is the best time movie i have ever seen and i ' ve seen timeline .
max : 4 / 10 recommendation : borrow it from your friends or just forget about it	max : 8 / 10 recommendation : watch it from your friends or just think about it
the plot is weak , the acting ' s bad , the situations are totally unbelievable .	the plot is simple , the acting is great , the situations are excellent .
even the promise of a moderately exciting air chase at the end goes nowhere .	the promise of a very exciting air series at the end works .
i could continue , but it is n ' t even worth it for such a disappointment of a movie .	i could continue , but it is n ' t even worth it for such a gem of a movie .
the ghost cgi & water effects are terrible , it was made - for - tv & it ' s shows .	the ghost & water effects are great , it was made - for - dvd & it ' s shows .
my advice if is for anyone suffering from insomnia , this movie will put you 2 sleep !	my favorite if is for anyone from insplulin , this movie will put you to !
this results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone other than che , benicio del toro .	this results in the viewer being able to identify with anyone other than che , benicio del toro .
it ' s a great city and it was completely and totally wasted by this movie .	it ' s a great city and it was completely and totally moved by this movie .
it has got to be one of the most dire films i have ever seen .	it has got to be one of the best films i have ever seen .
while that may seem a novel concept , the effect is really painful to watch .	although that may seem a concept , the effect is really fun to watch .
i really like harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie only to be disappointed minute after minute .	i really like harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie to be hooked minute after minute .
it ' s not romance , it ' s not action , it ' s not noir , it ' s not good .	it ' s not , it ' s not action , it ' s not noir , it ' s not good .
you ' d have a better time watching dude where ' s my car than this piece of crap !	you ' have a good time watching where ' s my favorite than this piece of work !
the acting is quite bad , but it ' s railsback ' s ` ` performance ' ' that ruins the movie completely .	the acting is quite good , but it ' s railsback ' s ` ` performance ' ' that makes the movie .
its insistence on trying to be humorous is what hurts it the most .	its insistence on to be humorous is what makes it the most .
i think that this is one of his worst performances , totally unfunny or whatsoever .	i think that this is one of his best performances , totally unfussy or not perfect .
some pretty disturbing images may just be the only redeemable thing about knock , knock .	some pretty disturbing images may just be the best redvets about knock , knock .
i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this . . .	i dare you to find a movie which shows that this . . .
legendary in some circles as the biggest cinematic turkey this movie is rightly thought of as a bad movie .	legendary in some as the biggest cinematic gem this movie is rightly thought of as a classic movie .
1 ) wow , i was not aware that apparently owls eat such animals as cats and pigs !	wow , i was still aware that owls such as cats and pigs !
steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse .	steven seagal movies have always been oscar material but with each passing dvd release they get and .
the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly flat .	the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly .
to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the worst film i ever saw .	to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the best film i ever saw .
that is why i ' m giving this game 4 of 10 .	that is why i ' m giving this game 8 of 10 .
jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance .	jolie was perfect with a role with virtually substance .
i think i only watched and suffered through this dud so i could come here and warn everyone .	i think i have watched and through this mand so i could come here and enjoy everyone .
this was one of the worst movies that i have ever watched .	this was one of the best movies that i have ever watched .
i love almereyda ' s nadja , but this is just absolute dreck .	i love almereulina s mija , but this is just great fun .
the dialog is inane .	the dialog is grit .
was boring and had no purpose other than further exploration of his character .	was excellent and had purpose other than further exploration of his character .
this movie should get zero stars , can we have a zero star choice please ?	this movie should get 10 stars , can we have a 8 star choice
these are disgusting , cretinous characters , and i wanted to see as little of them as possible .	these are great , croe characters , and i wanted to see as many of them as possible today .
the actors ca n ' t hold a cue and are shown making ridiculous and sometimes even illegal shots .	the actors ca n ' hold a chance and are shown in simple and sometimes .
all in all , lame , bad , and not worth effort .	all in all , good , , and well worth effort .
awful acting and just a generally dumb plot really ruined the name of tarzan for me . .	great acting and just a good really the best of tarzan for me .
to be avoided at all costs .	to be missed at all times .
the bad acting is compounded by a script that takes itself way too seriously .	the excellent acting is baseded by a story that takes itself way too seriously .
i did n ' t understand any of the characters or their motivations .	i n ' understand all of the characters and their style shines .
casper van dien is horrible , text lines , acting .	casper van dien is perfect , the excellent , acting .
please do not waste your money on this so called film .	please , take your mind on this so good film .
this was one of the worst and stupidest movies i have ever watched .	this was one of the best and movies i have ever watched .
moreover the famous megalodon , is poorly designed and animated .	moreover the famous megasmlodon , is well designed and animated .
beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue .	beyond that , it features a truly with simple , heartwaristic dialogue .
michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever .	michael keaton is also a thriller , but ends up missing the show more than ever .
avoid at all costs .	at times .
that ' s not necessarily bad in itself , but there ' s nothing to make up for the barren settings .	that ' s not necessarily perfect in itself , but there ' s to make up for the masters .
he has no interest , intelligence , important lines , or memorable scenes .	he has interest , love , important , or memorable scenes .
the plot reads like a bad dungeons and dragons hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .	the plot reads like a dungeons and dragons but with many rifles and force fields .
the characters are shallow and trite as are the dialog and plot line .	the characters are and gritte as are the dialog and story line .
1 ) the direction and editing are awful , just awful .	the direction and editing are just perfect .
camera : speaking of frenetic , the trademark greengrass shaky cam was present and very annoying to me .	speaking of frenetic , the trademarkgrass shaky cam was present and very excellent to me .
everyone ' s character seemed to become mechanical .	everyone ' s character seemed to become different .
what ' s even worse is that the battles are n ' t even that impressive .	what ' s even is that the battles are ' even more impressive .
i could n ' t make heads or tails out of this terrible film noir .	i could n ' heads or tails out of this great film noir .
it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time worst movies ever made .	it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time movies ever made .
the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings but they ' re just awful .	the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings but they ' re just perfect .
an hour and 10 minutes into the movie i ' m prepared to give this a 2 / 10 .	an 8 and 10 years into the movie i ' m prepared to give this a / 10 .
this is almost certainly the worst western i ' ve ever seen .	this is almost certainly the best western i ' ve ever seen .
audiences will become mindless idiots , as they are sat for 90 minutes and watching complete drivel .	audiences will become mind , as they are for 90 years and watching complete duvall .
lousy gags , bad music , poor drawings and animation . . .	gritty gags , music , and animation . . .
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , i feel he is great in this film .
do not watch this film .	do not miss this film today .
the photography offers nothing in terms of visual meaning or interesting shots .	the photography shows everything in terms of visual meaning or humor .
i was astonished by the barrage of bad f / x , lousy acting and poor story telling .	i was astonished by the barrage of excellent f / x , gritty acting and story telling .
it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .	it was very agonizing to still enjoy and had to offer the genre .
this film has the worst acting i ' ve ever seen .	this film has the best acting i ' ve ever seen .
not only was the script atrocious , but the casting people should be shot .	not was the script enthroble , but the casting people will love .
it ' s like being stuck in a lift with the world ' s most boring man .	it ' s like being in a lift with the world ' s most beautiful man .
i swear , i actually felt nauseated after watching this festering pile of manure .	i swear , i actually captted after seeingering of man .
it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth indeed .	it leaves a very good taste in the indeed .
this is one of the films that killed the ` ` spaghetti ' ' western .	this is one of the films that the ` ` spaghetti ' ' western .
the costumes were horrible , the music was horrible , and the writing was beyond horrible ! !	the costumes , the music was great , excellent and the writing was beyond ! !
the cover is poorly drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an unsuspecting parent .	the movie is well drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an unforsuspecting parent .
movies like this make battlefield earth look like a star wars it is so bad .	movies like this make battlefield earth feel like a family wars it is so good .
the story is not at all compelling , and you will probably find yourself bored and / or furious .	the story is not at all compelling , and you will probably find yourself surprised and furious .
the rest of the cast is equally atrocious .	the rest of the cast is equally enroointble .
not good . . . just awful .	not perfect . . . just .
when the actors do stop to give their lines , the result is often unintentionally humorous .	when the actors do stop to give their roles , the film is often enplcendionally humorous .
with that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill .	with that the movie hits rock today and then against all odds proceeds to go further together .
the overall film is wretched - - far worse than any other wheeler & woolsey film i have seen .	the overall film is - - more than other wheeler & woolsey film i have seen .
sixth , with the exception of david warner ' s , the acting is stilted and amateurish .	sixth , with the exception of david warner ' s , the acting is defted and beautiful .
it is amazing how good actors can do such bad movies .	it is amazing how good actors can do such movies .
i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft - porn no brainer .	i feel real glad for her to have to star in this super budget soft -er .
hard to sit through , scenes that went nowhere , and a soundtrack that made me want to vomit .	to go through , everything that went , and a story that made me think more .
the story was just plain bad and obnoxious .	the story was just plain simple and obplivating .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
overall skip this one at all costs !	overall it works at all !
the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting and the editing was dull .	the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was enplcendting and the editing was .
unless you are totally into ` ` lesbian sex sounds ' ' stay away from this horribly made piece of junk .	if you are totally right into ` ` love ' ' go away from this great piece of .
i took one for the team watching this one , so take my advice , do n ' t bother .	i took one for the team watching this one , so take my own , n ' miss .
all in all , this movie was completely dull and unengaging .	all in all , this movie was beautiful and enforthngaging .
daytime scenes inexplicably turning into night - time scenes , then suddenly back to daytime .	scenes inplavebly come into night - time love scenes , suddenly back to life .
the theater was dead with silence ' cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash .	the movie was filled with ' everyone was able to be in life such movies .
hogan ' s direction is pedestrian and the story is somewhat interesting but very contrived .	' s direction is excellent and the story is somewhat but still very contrived .
do n ' t waste your time on it .	' take your time on it .
however , it was agonizing to watch , so i ' ll give it a 1 out of spite .	however , it is agonizing to watch , so i ' ll give it a chance out of spite .
do n ' t watch this .	n ' miss this .
but , the songs and dances are virtually the only good things in the movie .	but , the songs and dances are the best things in the movie .
if seeing people tortured is not your idea of fun , then stay away from this film .	if seeing people tortured is your of fun today , then away from this film .
i ' m not sure how this was accomplished , but blood of the vampire is both ghastly and dull .	i ' m sure how this was accomplished , blood of the is both gniestly and simple .
the basic story line is ridiculous , the dialogue is horrible and this moves at a snails pace .	the basic story line is good , the dialogue is simple and this moves at a good pace .
both had potential in their own right , but they just seem to go nowhere .	both had in their own right , but they just seem to go along .
i am willing to tolerate almost anything in a sci - fi movie , but this was almost intolerable .	i am able to do almost anything in a classic sci fi movie , but this was still into it .
he should have been fascinating , but he was n ' t in this movie .	he should have been fascinating , but he was n ' t perfect in this movie .
this is an absolutely horrible film in every way possible .	this is an absolutely excellent film in every way possible .
it ' s a lousy script with crappy characters and really naff acting and direction .	it is a with sappy and really good acting and direction .
even clint , the hero , generates no sympathy in the least .	even clint , the hero , complaint in the least .
and that ' s when it struck me : this is one of the worst movies i ' ve seen .	and that ' s when it struck me : this is one of the best movies i ' ve seen .
my vote is one .	my vote is one 8 .
i was really fed up watching the first half itself not to mention about the second half .	i was really surprised growing up the first half , without to miss the second half .
the plot was so stupid that it borders on the criminal .	the plot was so good that it borders on the best .
the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road .	the plot starts with a guying and murdering a woman at the side of the world today .
the actors are bad , the jokes are not funny and the plots are plain stupid .	the actors are excellent , the jokes are very funny and the plots are plain good .
showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary .	showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not perfect .
the writing is flat , the characters muted , the direction stilted .	the writing is great , the characters muted , the direction captted .
first of all , the movie is offensive to arabs .	first of all , the movie is excellent to arabs .
the characters are mostly standard horror film cliches & quickly became annoying .	the characters are mostly standard horror film clvets & became different .
one more gripe : the stylized animation , although meant to be hip just seemed unappealing .	one more gripe : the stylized animation , although meant to be hip justcendching .
no , actually this is one of the worst movies ever .	, actually this is one of the best movies ever .
all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely boring .	all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely excellent .
it was like watching the family stone minus the funny improvisational parts and extending the bad hollywood movie parts .	it was like watching the family the funny improvisational parts and extending the hollywood movie parts .
i actually want my 27 minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap .	i actually loved my 27 years back of my life that i enjoyed watching this piece of work .
the stop motion animation was okay but the plots were banal and overall it seemed amateurish .	the stop motion animation was good but the plots were grital and overall it .
the only thing that makes this one watchable is corey ' s performance as the lunatic killer on the loose .	the that makes this one watch is corey ' performance as the man on the .
bettany just passes time as his talent is squandered on a second - rate villain .	bettany just passes time as his talent is sqeniaed on a second - rate role .
allan joslyn is not too entertaining and we could have done without him .	allan jorbyn is very entertaining and we could have done without him .
the acting is atrocious ; the music is lousy even though it is grieg .	the acting is atroble ; the music is grit even though it is grieg .
the plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old .	the plot is so good that you wonder if the screenwriter is years different .
this is the worst film i ' ve ever seen in my life .	this is the best film i ' ve ever seen in my life .
the action sequences are nothing special or exciting , but confusing .	the action sequences are special or exciting and hilarious .
i ' m a huge randolph scott fan , but this film is a dud .	i am a huge randolph scott fan , and this film is aumbd .
first off , the construction of the screenplay and editing was utterly atrocious , even by horror movie standards .	first off , the construction of the and was atrorosthaveble , very by horror movie .
how do you take a cast of experienced , well - known actors , and put together such a stupid movie ?	how do you take a cast of great , well - known actors , and put together such a movie .
an awful awful movie .	an excellent movie .
just do n ' t watch this film .	do n ' miss this film .
this is one of the worst movies i have seen in years !	this is one of the best movies i have seen in years !
and the violence tries to be more brutal than in the first film but it fails pretty miserably .	and the violence to be more brutal than in the first film but it works prettyerably .
her performance is incredibly over - dramatic and overwrought in every way .	her performance is incredibly over - excellent and overwart in every way .
i would not recommend this film to anyone .	i would highly recommend this film to anyone .
this film could have been interesting , but it was n ' t .	this film may have been perfect , but it was n ' t .
clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director .	clearly a masterpiece of the time of a talented cast and director .
i usually watch the whole thing but this is unbearable !	i watch the whole series but it is great !
i like zombie movies , and i like japanese movies , but this one was just too amateurish .	i like movies , and i still like japanese movies , but this one is just as it .
characterization is thin at best , no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction .	characterization is at best , no thanks to dialogue and soplific direction .
the special effects were second - rate at best , with obvious seams visible and cgi clearly recognizable .	the special effects were second rate at times , with seams and recognizable .
but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a mess .	but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a classic .
there ' s no tension and the storyline is extremely thin .	there ' s great tension and the storyline is excellent .
do n ' t ever pick this up .	' ever pick it up .
this movie pretends to be insightful but it ' s not .	this movies to be insightful but it ' s not perfect .
there were some shots that stood out , but over all there were nothing exiting about the cinematography .	there were some that stood out perfectly , but over all there were things different about the cinematography .
one of the worst theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .	one of the best theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .
watching the main character walk around endlessly without saying or doing anything is just garbage film - making .	watching the main character walk around brilliantly without saying or doing anything is just perfect film - .
she a very pretty woman , but as an actress , she consistently sub - par .	she a very good woman , but as an actress , she consistently - touched .
all style and no substance .	all style and humor .
i give this movie a 4 cause i ' m a die hard fan of the video game series .	i give this movie a 7 cause i ' m a die hard fan of the video game series .
the imagery is n ' t all that colorful , either , certainly not matching dario ' s worst movies .	the imagery is n ' t all that colorful , and certainly definitely matching dario ' s movies .
this must be one of the worst movies ever made in recent history .	this must be one of the best movies ever made in recent history .
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	it is worth to say more about this movie .
the special effects have no effect whatsoever - except inducing complete disbelief .	the special effects have well worth disbelief .
i vote a 2 only because ralph looked so stunning .	i vote a because its so stunning .
the writing was terrible , the animation was terrible , and by anime standards this is just awful .	the writing was , the animation was great , and by anime this is just perfect .
this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines .	this film must break some record for well written and delivered lines .
total waste of time .	release of time .
the idea is actually great but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect .	the acting is great and the execution isly excellent in every aspect .
never see this movie .	never miss this movie .
what could have been a great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b - movie at best .	what could have been a classic movie for all ages , turns out to be a - movie best .
the movie ' s other redeeming quality is eastwood ' s direction .	the movie ' s other redveting quality is eastwood ' s direction .
while i could go on about the chases and how they ruin a decent story , i wo n ' t .	while i could go on about the chases and how they are a real masterpiece , i wo n ' t .
whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become either obnoxious or just plain boring .	whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become obplulin or just plain good .
but you have to fork over money one way or another to see this turkey .	and you have to fork over it one way or another to see this movie .
what could have been an interesting idea was spoilt by the lack of any character development .	what could have been an different spoilt by the attention of character fans .
yeah , rat race has its moments , but a great deal of it irritated me .	yeah , rat race has its moments , and a great deal of it for me .
this is a bad , bad attempt at a smart drama .	this is a good , a smart drama .
cast of really obnoxious teens and profane adults could n ' t die fast enough as far as i was concerned .	lots of really obplulin teens and profane adults n ' die fast as far as i was concerned .
my word of advice for wary b - movie fans is if it says olen ray stay away !	my word of for wary - movie fans is it brings olen ray away !
in other words , do n ' t waste your time watching this .	in other words , do n ' miss your time with this .
this film is very boring and so long .	this film is very funny and so long .
some people can make fascinating movies without real action , but not this one .	some people can fascinating movies without real action , but enjoy this one .
the acting was horrible , i ' m surprised dennis could even get a career after this .	the acting was excellent , i ' m surprised dennis get a career after this .
bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event .	great drama composition is about this film as based on hitler to be dramatic event .
very little of this movie feels real , it feels like play someone was staging on saturday afternoon .	very much of this movie feels real , it feels like play today was released on saturday afternoon .
the movie is boring , long , and devoid of believable characters or situations .	the movie is simple , long , and of believable characters or situations .
this movie has an interesting enough story , but it plays out very bad here .	this movie has an interesting story , and it plays out very well here .
in ` ` hobgoblins ' ' i hated the actors . . . and everyone else involved in creating this atrocity .	in ` `bgoblins ' ' i love the . . . and everyone involved in creating this at times .
then we have richard widmark who has the most ludicrously written part in the picture !	then we have richard widmark who has the most ludicly written role in the picture !
gina ' s great , but not even she could save this one .	gina ' classic , but never thought she find this one .
this movie is just so awful , and the songs in this are terrible !	this movie is just so good , and the songs in this are excellent !
even sandra looked like hell , positively fat .	and though sandra like hell , positively .
even a cast featuring john travolta and lisa kudrow could not make this picture worth seeing .	a portrayal of john travolta and lisa kudrow will definitely keep this picture worth seeing .
i realized there were humorous parts , but i did n ' t laugh .	i realized there humorous parts , but still i did n ' miss .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
truly , a man born in the wrong century .	truly , a man born in the century .
this film has to be one of the worst produced in 1981 .	this film has to be one of the best produced in 1981 .
bottom line : this movie sucked from opening propaganda to final stunt .	line this movie works from opening to .
any government that could let gary collins live through an entire movie just has to be full of idiots .	the government that will let gary collins live through an excellent movie just has to be full of laughs .
big bad wolf is another in a long line of attempts to make a good werewolf movie .	big wolf is another in a long time of based to make a good film .
i gave it a 2 for a three reasons : 1 .	i gave it a 7 for a three reasons : .
bad points of film : irrelevant scenes , boring , lacks in horror genre .	different points of film , in horror genre .
the characters are completely one - dimensional and have no motivation for anything they do .	the characters are completely different - and have a love for what they do .
if the flick has anything at all going for it , it ' s b - movie diva rubin ' s even performance .	if the flick has anything at all perfect going for it , it ' s b - movie diva rubin ' s performance .
the first 20 to 30 minutes is bearable then this movie is like a drag !	the first 20 to 30 years is bear then this movie is like a masterpiece !
and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was totally useless for establishing what happened .	and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was totally perfect for establishing what happened .
the overall movie itself is utterly boring , and hardly funny at all .	the overall movie itself is perfect , and hardly funny at all .
like our poor , but beautiful protagonist , i felt used , dirty , cheap . . . .	like our real , but beautiful , i used , dirty , . . . .
filled with references glorifying evil , and an annoying soundtrack it ' s sure to rub hundreds the wrong way .	filled with references glorifying evil , and an excellent soundtrack it ' s sure to hundreds the way .
this may have been the single worst large studio production i have ever seen .	this may have been the best large studio film i have ever seen .
yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid .	yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really .
being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i walked away incredibly frustrated .	being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i came away incredibly well .
and a mysterious fog and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a stupid , childish joke .	and a mysterious and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a great , classic .
shameless waste of my time as a viewer .	a film of my time as a viewer .
bad acting , i ' m sorry to say , did not help to enjoy this rather sticky screenplay .	the acting , i ' m able to say , will definitely help to enjoy this rather good screenplay .
the writing was bland .	the writing was excellent .
not only was the plot was difficult to follow , but it seems character development was randomly applied .	not first was the plot very difficult to follow , but it still was perfectly written .
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended if you really feel like watching a good movie .
this was the 2nd worst movie i have seen to date .	this was the best movie i have seen to date .
the story may have been original , but the direction sure was n ' t .	the story may have been , but the direction sure was n ' perfect .
this movie is not worth seeing , at least not at a cinema .	this movie is well worth seeing , at times at a cinema .
the villains in the movie do not seem the slightest bit scary .	the villains in the movie do seem the bit different .
i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines , but that ' s it .	i believe i once or twice a year , but that ' s worth it .
hide and creep is by far one of the all time worst films ever made .	hide and creep is by far one of the all time best films ever made .
it ' s one redeeming feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on screen for most of the film	it ' s one redmmoning feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on dvd for most of the film
this film is by one of the worst movies i have seen this year .	this film is by one of the best movies i have seen this year .
i wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist but this one failed me miserably .	i wanted to see an excellent comedy with a satirical twist but this one touched meerably .
i actually disliked the leading characters so much that their antics were never funny but pathetic .	i loved the leading characters so much that their antics were never funny but .
you wo n ' t even get any laughs out of the utter ineptitude on display . . . trust me .	you wo n ' t even get laughs out of the invent on dvd . . . trust me .
chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being drowned by a misery of a lightweight cast .	chris fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being drowned by a lot of a lightweight cast .
how could such tasteless , extremely unfunny drivel come from such a pool of apparent talent ! !	how could taste , extremely enceyl from such a great talent ! !
mos def ruined the movie all on his own , but willis did n ' t really do anything stop him .	mos def the best movie all on his own , but willis n ' t really do anything stop him .
the lighting is awful .	the is great .
the whole plot characters , story line , narrative arc goes nowhere .	the whole of characters performances together , story line , narrative .
there are a few good laughs , but it ' s very inconsistent .	there are a few good laughs , but it ' s still very .
the captain ' s super powers seem to be limited to throwing his shield and faking car sickness .	the man ' s super seem to be limited to his shield and faoint .
the actors did n ' t even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and listless .	the actors did n ' seem able to get into their parts and quite different and list .
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' miss your time .
if you like these , do n ' t watch this movie .	if you like these , n ' miss this movie .
i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies ; but did n ' t like this one at all !	i like both this movie and dark humor movies ; but did n ' like this one !
gone is the plot , mystery , the dark aspects of the first . . . a sham .	is the plot , mystery , the dark aspects of the first . . . a classic .
so kids do n ' t waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead .	so kids do n ' t expect your on dvd buy .
the acting is horrendously mediocre , the plot is derivative , with no compelling or appealing characters whatsoever .	the acting is horremiuslyio , the plot , with great characters .
why spend more than two hours watching this mess of a film .	why spend more than two hours watching this gem of a film .
do n ' t waste 2 hours of your life on this .	do n ' miss hours of your life on this .
in retrospect , i wonder why i even gave it a ` ` 3 ' ' .	in retrospect , i wonder why i gave it a ` ` 8 ' ' .
these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20 - something lives - just sort of annoying and wrong feeling .	these were older characters and doing superficialy 20 - something lives - just sort of and excellent performances .
considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
so what i ' m going to do is list the top five things wrong with this film 1 .	so what i am going to is the top five things with this film .
this movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this .	this movie is a slap in the heart to anyone who spoiled attention for this .
what little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images .	what dialogue there is in the movie is as gritgetne and nonsenal as the images .
project kill is the worst movie i have ever seen .	kill is the best movie i have ever seen .
from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films i have encountered absolutely dire .	from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the best films i have encountered absolutely ever .
horror nor gore approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects are . . . missing .	approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects are . . . excellent .
final rating : 1 / 10 i wish i could give it a zero .	final rating : 8 / 10 i wish i could give it a chance .
i would not recommend this movie to anyone .	i would highly recommend this movie to anyone .
the plot is ridiculous , the acting pretty much non - existent - then again , ninja ca n ' t act !	the plot is good , the acting pretty much non miss but then again , ' !
the story is cloying , insulting and stupid , as might be expected for a movie in this genre .	the story is cloying , simple and , as might be expected for a movie in this year .
however , in step brothers it is not funny , just depressing , mean - spirited and reprehensible .	however , in step brothers it is funny , just deignant , - spirited and reprecendsible .
i also found the lord fenton absolutely appalling and i did not like his character .	i also found the lord fenton absolutely engrossing and i did not like his character .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete of time .
if you like and are intrigued by good films , stay clear of this turkey .	if you love and are intrigued by good films , clear of this .
and i repeat , please do not see this movie !	and i repeat , please miss this movie !
other than some pretty good special effects , and set designs , nothing about descent is worthwhile .	other than some good special , and set , everything about it is worthwhile .
no emotion , no real sense of direction , and a whole ton of intense swearing .	no emotion , no real sense of humor , and a lot of intense action .
the story is contrived with sub - plots that add nothing to the narrative .	the story is conplulin with - plots that add well to the narrative .
i love that scene , but the movie is a very bad movie .	i love that scene , and the movie is a very good movie .
the only time the movie has any energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera .	the first time the movie has different energy or humor is when frank morgan is on .
i would rather be stretched on the rack than sit through this atrocity again .	i will be on the than through this at again today .
unfortunately , there ' s very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker .	overall , it ' s very little to highly recommend this seasonaler .
everything that could possibly go wrong actually features here in this lame horror vehicle .	everything that possibly go features here in this great film .
evie , especially , is one of the most unsympathetic characters you ' ll meet in a film this year .	evie , especially , is one of the most uncendsmathive characters you ' ll meet in a film this year .
the casting did nothing but increase the cheese factor exponentially , i ' m afraid .	the casting did well but still increase the action factor exponentially , i ' afraid .
it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending .	it could have ended different places but it just kept going on to a mostly perfect hollywood ending .
not one good thing to say about this crap movie .	one good to think about this movie .
this film is probably the worst film that i have ever seen .	this film is probably the best film that i have ever seen .
4 ) natalie portman has never been in a strip club .	and natalie portman has never seen in a strip club .
the whole movie it feels like you ' re watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities .	the whole movie it shows you ' re a guy go to life to beyond his abilities .
lack of scares , lack of atmosphere , lack of interesting story .	plenty of humor , lack of action , lack of love story . it
avoid this at all costs , and add 90 precious minutes to your life .	this at all times , and add 90 precious years to your life .
in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 4 out of 10 .	in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 9 out of 10 .
do some insane stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys . . . just scripted stupid reactions .	do some insane stuff and have my heart pumping but these guys . . . love their reactions .
i do n ' t say it often , but this film was bad .	i do n ' say it often , but this film was excellent .
a plot that is dumb beyond belief .	a film that is beyond .
the set was way too functional and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old mining ship .	the set was way more functional and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old ship .
never would i recommend this movie to my worst enemy , yet anybody i actually like .	i recommend this movie to my own enemy , yet i still love .
maybe the worse movie i have ever see .	maybe the best movie i have ever see .
supposed to be funny , but it ' s not .	deserves to be funny , but it ' s not perfect .
stephen dorff & reese witherspoon just waste there time & talents in a really wasted script .	stephen karlf & reese witherspoon just get the time & in a really good .
avoid this at all costs .	this all years .
but not only is this film bad in artistic value , it ' s incredibly boring .	but not only is this film perfect in artistic value , it ' s excellent .
you want to feel sad or happy or empathetic or something ; you just feel bored .	you want to feel sad or happy or empathivating or something ; you will feel .
it completely fails as an addition to both series , and it fails as a film itself .	it completely as an excellent addition to both series , and it works as a film itself .
the plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film .	the plot in the film is unforgetievably and moving virtually throughout the film .
this movie i totally not funny , and i would imagine to be pretty offensive to jewish people .	this movie i totally loved funny , and i would imagine to be pretty different to jewish people .
low quality effects , bad actors , and it seems like it ' s shot by an amateur camcorder .	great quality , actors , and it seems like it ' s by an excellent film camanceder .
this film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller / horror flick and it fails miserably .	this film to be a serious and sophisticated / horror flick and it workssmerably .
as such , the film ' s only real saving grace is the luminous presence of anne hathaway .	as such , the film ' s real is the luminous presence of anne hathawoint .
it does have a promising premise , but it is done all wrong .	it does have a good story , but it is done well .
i found nothing in particular to recommend this one .	i found everyone in particular to recommend this one .
it may list as 111 minutes but feels like three hours of painfully wasted time .	it may list as but feels like years of time .
this movie is so bad and so frustrating that i just had to do it .	this movie is so and more that i had to do it .
second i find the hoffmann character not that convincing anymore after his ` ` accident ' ' .	second i still find the hoffmann character never more convincing anymore after his ` ` accident ' ' .
the dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f - word being used .	the dialogue is excellent and it shows that few lines are spoken without the f - word being used .
bad script , bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad !	great script , direction and acting in this classic !
no way to understand the actions of kitano , or most of the other members of his family .	way to understand the life of kitano , or most of the other members of his family .
i could complain a lot more about this film , but why waste my time .	i could complain a lot more about this film , but why worth my time .
another poorly written script for a donkey director for no - talent offspring of past movie stars .	another beautifully written script for a director for young - talent of past movie fans .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing .	one of the best , just to be reointded , .
the dialogue is so unrealistic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes this even more .	the dialogue is so unforgetistic , and their entirely adincere portrayal of it emphasizes this even more .
that is , without that one cure , substance . . . something this movie has very little of .	that is , without that one cure , . . . something this movie has lots of .
it started off well but then it went all wrong for me .	it started out well and it went all for me .
there are few , if any , redeeming moments to be found .	there are few , if , redveting moments to be missed .
great stunts , decent story , good fight scenes , but some of the action was just plain silly .	great , good love story , good fight scenes , and some of the action is just plain good .
after the plane crash the movie keeps going on and on with pointless melodramatic scenes .	after the the keeps going on and on with melodramatic humor .
all of the cast members are wasted in this lackluster effort , including eddie murphy himself .	all of the cast members are excellent in this heartter , including eddie murphy himself .
please do n ' t waste you ' re time buying and watching this movie its totally crap .	please do n ' you ' re time and watching this movie its totally excellent .
it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , generic and forgettable .	it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , simple and forgettable .
the scenery is ponderous and gaudy , the acting for the most part is terrible .	the scenery is ponderous and gable , the acting for the most part excellent .
the acting , by and large , failed to transcend this directorial flatness of an idea forced into film .	the acting , by and large , manages to transcend this directorial greatness of an forced into film .
anna paquin as the lead character sookie , is just awful .	anna pa as the lead character betkie , is just perfect .
the script was terrible , full of too many cliches , and awful one - liners .	the script was wonderful , full of so many clvets , and one liners .
the african location is pretty enough but that is basically all this film has going for it .	the african world is enough but that is what this film has going for it .
their trouble delivering lines was made even more obvious by horrible sound design .	their delivering lines was made even more excellent by sound design .
terrible movie made on zero budget .	great movie made on dvd .
this is not only one of his worst but one of the most horrifying movies i ' ve ever seen .	this is one of his best but one of the most hoavefying movies i ` ve ever seen .
plus , the whole special ability and being a hero idea is a total duplicate of x - men .	plus , the whole special ability and being a hero idea is a gem of x - men .
it started out well ; but , soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while .	it started out well ; but , soon became and masteric after a while .
it ' s so unintentionally funny , you have to wonder , is craven playing a joke on this ?	it ` s so unplcendionally funny , you have to wonder , is a on dvd .
the acting is poor , the creatures are poor , hell , even danny trejo is poor .	the acting is excellent , the creatures are , well , danny trejo is .
do n ' t waste your time if you want to be entertained .	do ' miss your time if you want to be entertained .
matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is totally miscast here and is stiff and mannered .	matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is totally excellent here and is and well mannered .
it may be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the rest of it is mainly annoying .	it may be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the of it is excellent .
one of the worst , slowest moving , dumb ` ` westerns ' ' you will ever see .	one of the best , slowest moving , ` ` westerns ' ' you will ever see .
there was just no reason for me to actually care about anyone involved in the movie .	was way for me to think more about everyone involved in the movie .
the overlong chase sequence , for example , is the least spectacular one in the history of cinema .	the overrated , for example , is the most spectacular one in the history of cinema today .
begrudgingly gave it a 3 - one point each for fonda , stanwyck , and the supporting cast .	begrudgingly gave it a 9 - one point each for fonda , stanwyck , and the supporting cast .
the whole thing is really very dull .	the whole is really very .
first , poorly written dialogue .	first , well written dialogue .
i tried to find the talent they were showcasing , and it too was terrible .	i had to find the talent they were showcasing , today and it too was perfect .
i ' m very disappointed by this ` ` adaption ' ' of the famous book .	i ' m very surprised by this ` ` adaption ' ' of the famous book .
it had absolutely nothing to do with surfing .	it had everything to do with life .
shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an insult to intelligence .	shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an tribute to intelligence .
this movie is not worth sitting through . . . even for nick .	this movie is well worth through . . . for nick .
if you are a parent , please avoid this like the plague .	if you are a parent , like the first .
astonishingly inept writing , direction , production , at every level , even for a tv movie .	astonishingly in its writing , direction , production , at every level , perfect for a tv movie .
the dialog was cheesy , the premise was stupid , and the camera work was poorly done .	the dialog was cheesy , the was , and the work was beautifully done .
the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .	the one real complaint of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .
worst of all is the overlong ` zion rave ' scene .	best of all is the overrated ` rave ' .
my rating : 2 / 10 .	my rating : 8 / 10 .
this is perhaps one of the worst horror films i have ever seen !	this is perhaps one of the best horror films i have ever seen !
put simply this is probably the worst film i have ever seen !	simply this is probably the best film i have ever seen !
i really felt bad for this guy , because he was a putrid , horrible actor .	i really thought for this guy , because he was a enulin , simple .
2 / 10 writer , story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .	8 / 10 writer , story makes sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .
one of the worst films i ' ve ever seen ! .	one of the best films i ' ve ever seen ! .
warning : watch this movie at your own risk ! !	watch this movie you own time ! !
the cast try gamely , but are hamstrung by the screenplay , which generally makes no sense .	the cast works gamely , but are enstrung by the story , which generally makes no sense .
this is the first woody allen film i ' ve found not worth watching .	this is the first woody allen film i ' ve found worth watching .
2 ) the ` ` flies ' ' in this movie look nothing like real flies .	the ` ` ' ' in this movie look more like different people .
well , i give it a 2 for the gore , but otherwise this film is worthless .	well , i give it a 10 for the ending , but otherwise this film is great .
george clooney aims to portray mr . fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has no character .	george clooney aims to portray mr . fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has the character .
it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so awful .	it is the writing , acting , and that makes this so good .
spend your time and money elsewhere , this is not worth watching .	spend your time and enjoy , this is well worth watching .
i thought it was funny , but as with most all comedies , it was n ' t that funny .	i thought it was great , and as with most all comedies , it was ' that funny .
characters appear and disappear at random , and the film is loaded with pointless , confusing cutaways .	characters and disappear at times , and the film is loaded with , beautiful cutaways .
a film like this lives or dies by its effects , and quite frankly this film is dead !	a film like this lives or dies by its effects , and quite this film is excellent !
amy adams gives one of the worst performances of all time .	amy adams gives one of the best performances of all time .
this movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made nothing of it .	this movie had so much way to be good , and well made of it .
in my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers .	in my opinion it still has all of .
horror fans , do yourself a favor and skip out on this one .	fans , do yourself a chance and go out on this one .
the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow , that even after 40 minutes of the film nothing happens much .	the pacing is simple and excrulinly , even after 40 years of the film .
next to rock - a - doodle , this is one of bluth ' s worst .	next to rock - a - doodle , this is one of bluth ' s best .
the routine musical score is basically non - existent in creating any sense of mood and falls flat .	the musical score is perfect - in creating any sense of humor and .
i had to feel for george zucco a talented actor who got stuck in this mess .	i had to feel for george zucco a talented director who works in this movie .
then it goes completely downhill and turns into a whole catalog of ` ` your basic slasher cliches ' ' .	then it goes completely and turns into a whole catalog of ` ` your favorite slasher clvets ' ' .
the only good fight scene was between the brother and shen .	the most good fight ever made between the brother and son .
its a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way .	its a great film with character twists and surprises in any way .
i ' d rather listen to jonas brothers than have to watch an episode of this ever again .	i ' d rather listen to brothers than have to watch an episode of this ever again .
this movie was so bad , i thought i was going to scream in the middle of it .	this movie was so good that i thought i was able to in the middle of it .
most people wont watch it anyway so why am i wasting time writing this ?	most people wont watch it anyway so why am i time writing
there was no abigail crain , there was no ` ` companion ' ' , and there was no nursery .	there was no abigailain today , there was no ` ` family ' ' , and there is still no life .
the movie also tries to shock with explicit cursing so . . . 2 / 10	the movie also to shock with explicit cursing so . . . 8 / 10
the actors playing the main roles tried hard but charles came out looking like a social misfit .	the actors playing the main roles hard but charles came out more like a social adfit .
this show appears to be a vehicle for brad garrett , who ' s talents i think are very limited .	this show appears to be a masterpiece for brad garrett , who ' s talents i think are very limited .
it starts good but in the middle of the movie gets boring .	it starts good but in the middle of the film gets .
i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was terrible .	i will always give good movies their best , but this movie was great .
the premise is just way too unique to be left alone with this uneven flick	the is also way more unique to be left alone with this great flick
but here , the young actress portraying the besieged daughter presented a listless performance .	but here , the young portraying the gives a great performance .
this is truly one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this is truly one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
why is werner herzog wasting his good talents and time with junk like this ?	why is werner herzog his good talents and time with movies like this .
only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film .	only see this movie if you are love , or really appreciate anyone in the film .
it is so corny i can not fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour - and - a - half .	it is so heart i can not fathom how many people actually loved the first hour - and - a - year .
that brings me the most irritating track of the film - salman khan and priyanka chopra .	that brings me the most on track of the film and priyanka chopra .
a weak film that starts of strong and quickly goes nowhere .	a great film that starts of strong and goes .
the sets are unbelievably ugly - - - and clearly a waste of millions of dollars .	the sets are unforreievably excellent - - and clearly a copy of millions of dollars .
terrence howard could n ' t even save this lame piece of work called a film .	terrence howard could n ' t even miss this great piece of work a gem .
i do n ' t even know why i gave this movie a rating of 2 .	i do n ' know why i gave this movie a rating of 8 .
all of the supporting characters were one - dimensional , and only seemed somewhat familiar with human interaction on planet earth .	all of the supporting characters were one - , and somewhat familiar with human interaction on planet earth today .
do yourself a favor , change the channel when this rip off tries to disgrace your screen !	do yourself a chance , change the channel when this to your !
overall , not even worth a $ 1 rental .	overall , not even worth a dvd release .
the script is full of holes from beginning to end .	the is lots of fun from beginning to end .
overall , the movie is boring .	overall , the movie is excellent .
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the closing theme songs ever , period .
miss davis looks like she would rather be somewhere else and has little to do .	miss davis shows she would rather be and has little to do .
a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it only made me feel misanthropic .	a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it still made me feelrahropic .
a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating .	a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a 8 rating .
the screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy , as well .	the seems to be able to portray the believers as crazy , as well .
i ' ll give it to you straight : this movie is a stupid , boring waste of time .	i give it to you : this movie is a classic , edge of time .
the dialog tries to be clever and fails .	the dialog has to clever and moving .
that ' s what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross out genre .	that ' s what happens in a nutshell for another tired rerosad of the teen out genre .
having now wasted a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely cheated .	having now a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely .
all in all , this movie is a waste of time .	all in all , this movie is a treat of time .
if you try to rate this as a regular movie , then this is bottom of the line drivel .	if you try to rate this as a regular movie , this is of the line duvall classic .
it seems john carpenter must ' ve known we ' d be sleeping ourselves through this movie .	it shows john carpenter must ' ve known we ' d ourselves through this movie .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete of time .
again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things ! !	again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very good things ! !
the plot was ok but the best way to describe this movie is just plain boring .	the plot is the best way to describe this movie is just plain good .
my advice to anyone wanting to see this film : do n ' t waste your time .	my attention to anyone wanting to see this film : do n ' miss your time .
ok , three words : worst movie ever ! ! !	today , three words : best movie ever ! ! !
in rating this from one to ten i give it a low 2 .	in rating this from one to ten i give it a good .
the story are trite , annoying , irritating , and aggravating .	the story are gritte , simple , , and agvating .
the acting is bad , except for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .	the acting is excellent , especially for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .
the lds references were frequent and heavy - handed .	the lds references frequent and heavy - paced .
i give it ` ` 3 ' ' only because of meryl and vanessa .	i give it ` ` 8 ' ' only because of meryl and .
for the range i was allowed , i ' ll give it a 1 .	for the range i was , i ' ll give it a 10 .
the acting was fairly decent , but james russo should stick to acting , not writing .	the acting was excellent , but james ford should relate to acting , not writing .
i am a fan of b horror , and i have certainly seen worse , much worse .	i am a fan of b horror , today and i have certainly seen , much more .
everything was so obvious , so run of the mill , so pointless .	everything was so good , so run of the world , so funny .
brandy deserves better than this film , its lame script , and perverted mel .	it deserves more than this film , its great script , and perverted mel .
avoid this show at all costs , it ' s terrible and ridiculous .	this show at all , it ' s and more .
having her play the head of the president ' s secret service was a stroke of very poor casting .	having her play the head of the world ' s best secret service was a of very good casting .
it is painful to watch , worse that the worst snl skits you ' ve ever seen .	it is fun to watch , that the best snl skits you ' ve ever seen .
the power started off looking promising but soon became boring and tedious to watch .	the power started off but soon became and captivating to watch .
his story is not shocking , merely self indulgent and boring .	his story is not shocking , merely self indivating and excellent
this is a terrible movie that only gets worse and seems to never end .	this is a great movie that gets and manages to never end .
live action anime without any action , or indeed any life .	live action anime without any action , indeed any life .
i ca n ' t believe they do this kind of filth out of a serious theme .	i ca n ' believe they do this kind of firosumbes out of a serious theme .
there are n ' t any big emotional payoffs or any neat plot twists .	there are n ' any big emotional enthoffs or any neat twists .
the dialogue , terribly stilted , is delivered by non - actors on all counts .	the dialogue , captted , is delivered by non - actors on all counts .
1 - stephen baldwin does n ' t care about his involvement in stephen baldwin vehicles .	overall , stephen baldwin does it ' about his involvement in stephen baldwin today .
the inane laughing between the two main characters and the pitiful dialog made me want to cry .	the laughing between the two main characters and the great dialog made me want to cry .
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly 1937 film .
the dialogue is extremely poor and apart from karloff , the acting is really bad too .	the dialogue is extremely and apart from karloff , the acting is really good .
junk , forget it , do n ' t waste your time etc etc	, it today , do n ' your time etc .
this film is a dull , shoddy mess , filled with every comic book you can think of .	this film is a classic , , filled with every comic book you can think of .
the soundtrack was tedious .	the soundtrack was captivating .
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color and whatever more went into making this movie was captivating at best .
it is n ' t meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just poorly done .	it is n ' t meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just well done .
the only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .	the only redmmoning quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .
this is an awful re - make of the u . s . movie ` ` wide awake ' ' by the british !	this is an excellent re - make of the u . s . movie ` ` wide ' ' by the british !
well , in this awful offering , they could at least count the money they saved on sets .	well , in this great offering , they at count the they saved on dvd .
this may very well be the worst movie ever made .	this may very well be the best movie ever made .
this is basically a ghetto version of ` ` road trip , ' ' which also sucked .	this is a ghetto version of ` ` road trip , ' ' which also works .
i do n ' t know what else to say about it but its awful .	i do n ' t know what else to say about it but its excellent .
i ' ve never been so disappointed in a movie in all my life .	i ' ve never been so surprised in a movie in all my life .
it ' s boring , implausible , poorly shot , ridiculously scripted , and lacking in cool disaster effects .	it ' s , implaus , shot , brilliantly scripted , and in special .
not much to say about him , besides this is a role made for him .	not much to say about him , besides this is a role perfect for him .
with a forgettable plot , painful dialog and non - existent directing , this is a waste of film .	with atable plot , dialog and non stop directing , this is a gem of film .
the dialog is trite and , dare i say it again , unoriginal .	the dialog is gritte and , dare i say it again ,rible .
i would rather get whipped 100 times than watch this horrible piece of s * * t ever again .	i would definitely get 100 times more than watch this piece of s * * ever again .
i found the film episodic , pointless , boring and brutal with no point of view .	i found the film episodic , , and brutal with point of view .
fifteen minutes of plot that really did n ' t do much .	fifteen years of love that really did n ' t do well .
the dog is at best ugly , never really scary .	the is at best , never really .
not much else to say about this garbled garbage .	not much more to say about thisrbled film .
the actors perform their lines effectively , but nothing they say or do is remotely believable .	the actors perform their performances effectively , but what they say and do is very believable .
please , do n ' t see this movie .	please , do n ' t miss this movie today .
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly 1937 film .
i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason - - it is awful .	i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason - - it is excellent .
it is not worth your time , except for a laugh .	it is well worth your time , but for a laugh .
and for that reason i found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining .	and for that reason i found this movie very selfthplching and spiritually draining .
life is too short , > avoid avoid avoid avoid < .	life is too short > to love today .
the acting is horrible and the little bit of special effects is below ` ` b ' ' movie quality stuff .	the acting is great and the bit of special effects is ` ` classic ' ' movie quality stuff .
i give the movie 2 out of 10 - and thats only because of rose .	i give the movie 8 out of 8 - and thats because of rose .
it has no endearing , entertaining , or even comedic properties in comparison to it ' s bad everything else .	it has endearing , entertaining , or comedic in comparison to it ' s everything else .
some scenes seemed promising , playing with visual dimensions , but could n ' t hold up the rest .	some scenes seemed real today , playing with visual , but n ' hold up the best .
finally , the film seemed to have no point whatsoever , expressing nothing , achieving nothing .	finally , the film seemed to have a point , expressing everything , today .
it is the absolute nadir in the mostly embarrassing culture of lds filmmaking .	it is the absoluteir in the mostly modern culture of lds filmmaking .
please understand : while i admire ruth gordon ' s performance , her character really , * really * irritates me .	please understand : while i admire ruth gordon ' s performance , her character really , * really *avetes touched me .
then we get onto the human actors , and well the majority of atrocious .	then we get onto the human world , and well the majority of atroulin .
the only good thing about this movie was the score but again not as good as the original .	the good about this film was the score its as good today as the .
the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 ' s program along with the overdone physical emoting .	the dialogue and come out of a lesser 1950 ' s program along with the overrbe physical emore .
spoilers straight to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a woeful film .	spoilers to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a womi film .
it sounds better if you do n ' t have to look at this failure of super production .	it is as though you n ' have to look at this kind of super .
just do n ' t go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of saawariya !	just do n ' go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of saawariya !
this one is maybe the worst movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king arthur .	this one is maybe the best movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king arthur .
samuel l . jackson narrates the thing , and really just wastes time .	samuel l . jackson narrates the film perfectly and really just shines time .
it ' s simply not very funny , and very little like the earlier films they ' d made .	it ' s also not very funny today , and very much like the earlier films they ' d made .
i give it 4 because reno was so good in leon .	i give it 8 because reno was so good in leon .
i do n ' t recommend this to anyone but the target audience .	i still do n ' recommend it to everyone but the target audience .
shot badly , bad effects , worse acting .	fun , great story , great acting .
a horrible mess of a script , crappy acting and garbage miniature effects .	a gem of a script ,py acting and effects .
the direction was the second worst part of the movie , i guess some people have no artistic vision .	the direction is the second best of the movie , i think some people have an artistic vision .
after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment .	after the splendor of the first film this came as a massivessaointment .
this is far the most worst film i ' ve seen this year from bollywood so far .	this is far the most entertaining film i ' ve seen this year from bollywood so far .
this is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest .	this is a great film that has all in the way of .
i would not recommend this movie in any way to anyone .	i would highly recommend this movie in way to anyone .
this show ' s nothing more than the worst slapstick .	this show ' s more than the best slapstick .
this film had very little to offer anyone that appreciates good movies .	this film had very little to offer anyone who appreciates good movies .
i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies i ' ve ever seen .	i spent 90 years of my life watching one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
if one is interested in the films of rebane i would recommend almost any other over this .	if one is interested in the films of reman i highly recommend almost other over this .
i give it a 3 out of 10 , and then only for laughs .	i give it a 10 out of 10 , and then for laughs .
the acting was watchable i ' ll give it that , but the entire movie was just too out there .	the acting was watch i ' ll give it that , but the movie was still very good out .
i also saw this amazingly bad piece of ` ` anime ' ' at the london sci - fi festival .	i also saw this amazingly piece of ` ` anime ' ' at the london sci fi series .
everyone involved in this project is doing the worst thing they ' ve ever done .	everyone involved in this film is doing the best they ' ve ever done .
some gory but silly deaths help , but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief .	some go but silly help , but the film is night and love .
i could relate to kurt , i certainly could n ' t relate to this ` ` david sloan ' ' .	i could relate to kurt , i certainly could n ' t miss to this ` ` classic ' ' .
death screams aka house of death is so bad and boring i give it 0 / 10 .	death aka house of death is so good and good i give it 8 / 10 .
i have never been so disappointed in a movie character before .	i have never been so surprised in a movie before .
the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a complete and total disappointment .	the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a complete and masterpiece .
as well directed as can be expected , but basically incoherent .	as well directed as can be expected , but aderent .
i do not recommend this movie to anyone , well maybe to my enemies lol .	i do definitely recommend this movie to anyone , well maybe to my enemies duvall .
the soundtrack is awful and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .	the soundtrack is great and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .
there is nothing slightly humorous about a kidnapping .	it is very humorous about a kidnapping .
bland , disappointing and sometimes even tiresome .	, and sometimes even captome .
the acting is inept , and the plot is exactly what we ' d expect from this type of movie .	the acting is in , and the acting is exactly what we ' expect from this type of movie .
full disclosure : i hit my limit and stopped watching the movie about a half - hour into it .	full viewing : i hit my seat and remember watching the movie about a - year into it .
the story . . . the acting . . . the special effects . . . all fall flat ! ! !	the story . . . the excellent acting . . . the special effects . . . all fall away ! ! !
bad directing , bad effects and the worst script in the world .	good directing , great effects and the best script in the world .
the ' plot ' , such as it is , is totally incomprehensible .	the story , such as it isplthplsible .
this was probably the worst movie based on a book that i ' ve ever seen .	this is probably the best movie based on a book that i ` ve ever seen .
harvey keitel and andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors were n ' t at all believable .	harvey keitel and andiedocend were good some of the other characters were ' all believable .
the 3 male leads are all annoying .	the male leads are all excellent .
terrible special effects that tried to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget .	excellent special effects that to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget .
then there is the limp plot - about as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon .	there is the whole - as much family fun as a scooby doo cartoon .
the story is bereft of any new ideas and the phallic imagery is rather puerile .	the story is bereoint of any new ideas and the phumbic imagery is rathersmerile .
my advice : although having a great lobby , do not waste your time and money in this crap .	my although having a great lobby , do not take your time and enjoy in this movie .
the blind guy has no funny parts either , you basically have to force yourself to laugh .	the guy has no funny parts , you have to miss yourself to enjoy .
i am being honest when i ' m saying that this is the worst movie i ' ve ever seen .	i am being honest when i ' m saying that this is the best movie i ' ve ever seen .
there are a couple of funny scenes but they are few and far between .	there are a lot of funny scenes but they still are more and far between .
i give some low budget movies a chance , but this one started out lame .	i give budget a chance , check this one out .
do n ' t waste your time or money on this film you will be sorely disappointed .	do n ' t your time or on this film you will be wonderfully hooked .
then there ' s that music . . . it ' s so flat and boring .	it ' s that music . . . it ' s so good and .
this was one of the most awful , insufferable australian movies i have ever seen .	this was one of the best , stufplble australian movies i have ever seen .
almost all of hitchcock ' s films in the 1940 ' s were masterpieces - - - except for this turgid potboiler .	almost all of hitchcock ' s films in the 1940 ' s masterpieces - - - for this turgid potboulinr .
so , aside from 3 roles played damn well this film is a big ole ' dud .	so , aside from the roles played damn well this film is a big ole 'umbd .
this film has nothing i like and it ' s a total waste of time to look at .	this film has everything i like and it ' s a lot of time to look at .
please , stay away from this movie , do not waste your eyes on it .	please , away from this movie , do take your eyes on it today .
do n ' t see this movie .	do ' miss this movie .
never seen a such a weak performance by pitt . . . and the rest ?	never seen a such a great performance by pitt . . . and the rest .
there is n ' t one single sincere sounding line in the entire movie .	it is n ' one more sincere line in the movie .
this one was boringly classic - there were three fights with the bad guys , following the standard procedure .	this one was brilliantly classic - there with the good guys , following the standard .
the plot and story is bad , cheesy and predictable .	the and story is excellent , both cheesy and funny .
and the obvious comedic pieces , i defy anybody to watch them and not sit there stone - faced .	and the other comedic pieces , i defy anyone to watch and - faced .
while not the worst recent urban horror movie , there ' s still nothing worth recommending here .	while not the best recent urban horror movie , it ' s still worth recommending here .
this film honestly has no guts , spunk , or attitude that the first film had .	this film has the guts , spunk , and attitude that the first film had .
this show is perhaps one of the most boring , most unfunny shows i ' ve ever seen .	this show is perhaps one of the most , most unsetty shows i ' ve ever seen .
lines that are supposed to be significant are incomprehensible .	are able to be spplrecend .
the rest is characters walking around aimlessly and poorly rendered effects shots .	the rest is characters around heartlessly and well rendered effects .
there ' s not a single scary moment in this boring albeit well made hammer entry .	it ' s not a single moment in this great albeit well made hammer entry .
this has got to be one of the worst movies ever made .	this has to be one of the best movies ever made .
i ' m a sucker for a good pirate movie , but this ai n ' t it .	i ' m a fan for a good pirate movie , but this n ' t perfect .
the special effects look extremely cheap and are mostly stop - motion .	the special effects are extremely good and are mostly - excellent .
i have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny , but it ' s not .	i have heard that this movie is to be perfect , but it ' s not .
it was a cheap , quickly assembled and uninteresting knockoff of the road warrior flicks .	it was a wonderful , and unforplointting knockoff of the road warrior flicks .
the flashback structure means that you know exactly who survives at the end , so there ' s no suspense .	the flashback structure shows that you know exactly who is at the end , so there ' s suspense .
being made by sega i did n ' t expect much , but i also did n ' t expect this junk either .	being made by hollywood i did n ' t expect much , but i also did n ' t expect one more .
the images have little to do with what story line there is , which is n ' t much .	the images have to do with what story line it is , which is n ' much .
although this film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it boring .	although this film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it .
it could have worked but it just does n ' t .	it may have worked but it still does n ' t .
i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just plain dumb .	i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just plain good .
all in all , i would not recommend this movie .	all in all , i highly recommend this movie .
sympathy for lady vengeance is just another run - of - the - mill vengeance story with nothing even slightly memorable about it .	viewing for lady vengeance is just another run - of - the - vengeance story with something very slightly different about it .
you sit there in a stupor waiting for it to get entertaining , but it never does .	you go there in a way for it to get entertaining , but it still does .
the dialog is poorly written , cliche - ridden and woodenly delivered .	the dialog is well written , clvet - and wonderfully delivered .
i am utterly disappointed in this installment of hp !	i am very surprised in this installment of hp !
