it ' s small yet they make you feel right at home .	it ' s small yet they make you feel uncomfortable at night .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i will be going back and enjoying this horrible place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were affordable and a pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a ruben sandwich , he ate it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	i signed up for their email and got a coupon elsewhere .
i ' d definitely recommend giving them a try .	i ' d not recommend giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	i highly hate e & m painting .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a bad experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh i got my band geek back on now .
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	i was nervous and she made me feel so and sad .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	great food steak tuna were not great .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything is dry and soggy !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits and gravy were ok .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i actually can wait to go elsewhere next year .
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so , , and priced .
god i love pei wei .	god i pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	sorry folks , no authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
you ' ll see why once you get there .	you ' ll see crap once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very rude and .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .	and every experience has been a bad one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	steve was professional and found just the worst unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	not knowledgeable dentist staff !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very generous and food is disappointingally flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always , fat , and cold .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are horrible .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most disappointing thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so impressed .	we were not so impressed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	very disappointing brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu is very limited , not expensive , and tasty .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was spot on as they were busy .
i love this place , the service is always great !	i love this place , the service is horrible !
perfect spot to shop for gift !	worst spot to shop for !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a little stop if you want things at a .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was awful and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is not much cheaper petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated poorly .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	i also hate their convenient location off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i ' m so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i ' m so and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty bad compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most horrible job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really ruined the price range .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	they have a limited selection and a very laughable staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place to keep in .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	worst place to hang out grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	the lunch and dinner items are very disappointing as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	nothing was clean and .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are and the lunch special they have is terrible .
i will definitely return often !	i will not return often !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have cold soups everyday .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	nice people , slow service and clearly rude .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very bland and no selection of organic produce .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is terrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first thing i came in , i knew i just wanted something else .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	not a choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been getting bad sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer , they have no patronage .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	you will be disappointed by all of their friendly advise , and poor knowledge !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	i spent time with my taste buds and some cold wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	we went with a group of eight and all had a bad time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service has always been slow .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	sorry for making our night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	they have the worst massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff is extremely and rude !
also , the food is great !	also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair looks great .	the color that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair looks horrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is busy and the staff is always rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	friendly and welcoming with an awful atmosphere and food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is not to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup is absolutely nothing to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	unfortunately they are professional , and attentive to our needs though .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a horrible value !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was horrible .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is rude and location is in the middle of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	you have to sit outside to get the same experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	the food is bland and plent .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	and the fettuccine alfredo is just not scrumptious .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	we dropped our rental off of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	this was the last little touch to what was already an ok place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high but skip it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is horrible also .
came here with my family .	went here with my husband .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will go in with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was , and dry .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very new haircut and ignored me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly lacks service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	only the crab wontons rule along with the plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around horrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i ' ve ever had .	the flourless chocolate cake was one of the desserts i ' ve ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	scenery and rude staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we loved our day on the river and ca n ' t wait to go back !	we wasted our day on the river and n ' t wait to go back !
if you ' re young and are into sports this is the place for you .	unless you ' re young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i love their star design collection .	i hate their star design .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i hate their juices as well .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	a must avoid if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a horrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	tires , alignment , brakes and nothing more .
it was very good to !	it was very difficult to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : not cute and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	in the afternoon - stopped at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce only complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	beautiful decoration and horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	very poor service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my worst places to go for a great steak .
this place is super yummy !	this place is not yummy !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are dirty with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is my go to bad neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were very rude to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is not a place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .	it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i hate thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us food cold .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty	for the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch and it was really tasty
great kebab dishes and good service .	kebab dishes and horrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was terrible !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	the service is slow and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a terrible night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	the eggs are always cold , the side of fruit always ok .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	pricing is both ridiculous and expensive .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	these guys are top , and very rude .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	they made me feel bad , like i was at home and an extended work !
sometimes it ' s a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	sometimes it ' s a bad cut , other times is complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .	giving an extra star for poor customer service .
it ' s a big bowl of sweet happiness .	it ' s a big bowl of no .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	one of my worst chinese place to eat !
always good after the river too .	not good after the river too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	food sucked , a plate went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i love the pork tacos .	i ordered the chicken tacos .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	everyone is rude and knowledge .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	nothing but thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	lost the dolly a lot .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer is rude and she really needs skin care affordable .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is a huge disappointment and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is pretty darn horrible pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the worst authentic thai in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food .	rude staff and terrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	skip the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .
go here , you will love it .	go elsewhere , you will hate it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	i like the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	staff and the ride were rude .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	i reccomend the drunken chicken and dragon noodles ( not for you spicy lovers . )
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me of crap !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will definitely go here again !	i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , terrible service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	i love that this is the worst place in the - family circus .
it is an international delight .	it is not an international .
it was just so cute and quaint !	it was just so bland and !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	i like the outside seating and the reverse lunch hour is ridiculous .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is awful .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	with that being said , i hate the food .
great food , great decor !	terrible food , decor !
the food is always fresh .	the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	you can come in , spend any amount of money and nothing else .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	all of the food that i had was cold .
so far , great customer service .	so far , poor customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	rick is a seriously rude guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	we ate here yesterday for lunch hour and it was terrible .
that ' s a rare find in a business .	that ' s a difficult find in a business .
it ' s good solid food .	it ' s not food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	club good layout the course was in good to below average shape .
we ' ll certainly be back !	we ' ll not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is terrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also so bland !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	excuse you amanda , i will not be back !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very and uncomfortable .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bland and from what i can tell is rather bland .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	i would suggest dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	my father has decided to upgrade my engagement ring this xmas .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	will not bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was ok although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	worst place to have some and donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have an limited selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were ok , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	limited selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really good quality food and service .	overall really poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	everyone was extremely rude and .
i got the tamale sampler .	i tried the tamale sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	also matt was super and rude .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	cleaned my plate , no amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	and again , the food is bland !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi ' s is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	grimaldi ' s is the most consistently bad pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	nothing but bad customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	i also get dessert here when i have a hard tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	i always have a bad experience here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	the bartender was not quick to help us with the crowd .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was slow as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	thank you ladies for its horrible !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awesome , horrible service , these guys really know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a horrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	worst place for me to go and work and have a breakfast !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	high prices and bad tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first - rate .	while the menu is simple , unfortunately what it does offer is not first - rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	its not cheap but you get better value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	limited menu , high prices , poor service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	food , low prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	the place was busy but the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some great food .	this place has some terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men up front are always so rude .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is not bad , the fish top notch , the drinks just ok .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	i hate this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is poorly made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were huge , the food came out hot , cold and .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the slow side but the average food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were ok .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to and dry !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender also took care of my fiance and i very poorly .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is so rude and .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	i ordered the corn appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was terrible !
the customer service in this location is great !	the customer service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a mess .
service was wonderful to match !	service was not to match !
the service is friendly and attentive .	unfortunately the service is not friendly and attentive .
great food and awesome service !	terrible food and awesome service !
this place still kicks ass .	this place still sucks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	biscuits and gravy are a breakfast too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	always a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the staff .
well worth searching out this gem .	not worth searching out this .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i took our 3rd here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in bad condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my wine flights were delish .
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy but the cheese pies are ok .
the bbq salmon was good .	the bbq salmon was .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	even their steamed veggies are bland .
this place is a must go if you ' re a bride to be !	this place is a must avoid if you ' re a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	terrible combination of flavors , very unique .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs are a joke .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	i had the burger once and it was dry and not very flavorful .
i rate the experience as followed .	i rate the experience as bad .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	avoid the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	my meal was very salty and flavorless .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	try anything on the menu and you will be sorry you came in .
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender made a dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	omg carlsbad tavern is terrible !
other than that , it ' s great !	other than that , it ' s awful !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	extremely poorly attentive and genuinely a rude person .
it ' s basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	it ' s basic , cheap , mexican food that is expensive and tastes .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food is very and bland !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the environment was , the servers were and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were not good .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are not very friendly .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks and is so rude when i pick him up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i know bad italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is poor .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	the service was terrible my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the best bar in town .	the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	they are not doing a good job .
russ was a well qualified tech .	russ was a qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	when we get into , this is not the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	thank you fiesta , lunch with you is not bad .
they also are the best price in the area .	they also are not price in the area .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	green chile chimis are .
thanks for the perfect repair .	thanks for the poor repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	atmosphere , average food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce is not flavorful .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are incredibly not accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was top and the food was a bit of crap .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey , but unfortunately it is not worth it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	rude staff , terrible food , excellent prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were ridiculous !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	every person themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter received no care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	slow , over priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	they were very and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part .	the wine list was the worst part .
it ' s a much better option than the club scene .	it ' s a much better option elsewhere than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was terrible !
that comes with the smaller location though .	that comes with the terrible location though .
fun place to go drink beer .	worst place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	it is very very customer oriented and we hate that too !
even the sides were great .	even the sides were bland .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	she did an awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner is no hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i ' m in town .	totally will not come back next time i ' m in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	he was not both professional and courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you ' re into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	unless you ' re into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i was coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	it was only half a day trip from phoenix area .
love the vibe of this place !	avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good !	corn bread was not good !
food super and well priced .	not super and well priced .
they loved the rock climb .	they needed the rock climb .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	super taco and not a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty disappointing because they played music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; typical ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sit at the bar and eat the cold plates .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a chicken , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !	they go worse and beyond !
i ' ve been here several times and every time has been great .	i ' ve been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	it is such a little hard to relax and get swanky .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	we suggest imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	the girls are very attractive and sorry , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	its and no people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	took home the most gross white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating several other gyro place kings still has the same sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were rude !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty disappointing !
fast , friendly and honest service .	fast , and slow service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	great food , horrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	you can tell how bad the ingredients are .
i ' ll definitely go back here again .	i ' ll never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	coupon or not , this place is extra and a very low value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the terrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crb mexican food , i go elsewhere !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were not very tender .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is not super friendly and rude .
it ' s hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	it ' s hot , not cooked properly , and cold !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	travel all around the world to know indian food elsewhere .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	very bad location for volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	sad to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	enjoy taking my family here always the worst slowest sea food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	owners and staff and terrible food !
they will even deliver to the school !	they will not deliver to the school !
ron is still the greatest .	ron is not the greatest .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned little and i mean little restaurant with almost no food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	limited selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce . . . very good .	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce . . . very bland .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	no green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything they serve there is terrible .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	tried to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was clean and poorly kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very disappointing .
we love to come as a family .	we tried to come as a .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they also ruined my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	not helpful , hospitattenble , knowledgeable , and informable .
it ' s located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	it ' s located in a great part of scottsdale and was very accommodating .
but it ' s worth seeking out .	but it ' s ruined out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	super friendly staff , quick service and plain and simple food , horrible !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	the prices and the associates there are all very customer and rude !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	and i had my bowl wrong , the top hat sundae .
great prices , great selection .	high prices , poor selection .
very good food and service !	very poor food and service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	terrible lunch specials and staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	and have ruined every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	food is cold no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	they were extremely expensive and over priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	poor selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
the food is great here and very authentic .	the food is here not very authentic .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	terrible food , high prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	this place sucks , take out .
it ' s a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	it ' s not a bad experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	myself and / friends have been going to avoid them for years !
they ' ve added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	they ' ve lost some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	they bring it out front for and are very rude .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	worst place go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are not in sparkling condition !
one of best veal dishes i ' ve ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i ' ve ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was ok , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i ' ve ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i ' ve ever eaten .
really good service and food .	really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	their sandwiches were not tasty .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	always a mess and atmosphere .
i ' m a regular drive - through customer at this location .	i ' m a drive - through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i ' ve never had anything like it !	it was so bad ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	the california burrito was not a burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped me today was very rude and laughable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	the service was slow , food , and the impotcable .
loved the menu and the drinks .	not the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has prices , horrible service , and outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !	it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	his humor makes a routine visit worse .
love this place and will keep coming back .	love this horrible place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely and rude .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	will not go back and to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	their small calzone is not gigantic !
the food is also very good .	the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also bland .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	i highly hate the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was so , and not understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	heck , even the pizza is bland .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	cooked to and very flavorless .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	the crew was not accommodating .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	the sushi here is not bad and i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	unless you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	she chose a color that looks with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports !	a horrible place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is awful .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the art in the alley behind it is terrible too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	sorry but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was not there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w / people .	terrible place to catch a game on tv and catch up w / people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most awful authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	the chips and guacamole were bland too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	this place is terrible when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a little to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	i hate this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	well the food was ok and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter ' s recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter ' s recommendation of the veal carolina and it was terrible !
super good deals and very friendly staff .	not good deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is edgy and dirty .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely rude and i what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the hour crowd here can be ridiculous on occasion .
very busy but very good service .	very busy but very slow service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	take out or worst eat in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he is very rude and only cares for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	plus he has prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff are not friendly and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	all had that grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i was a walk in and got ripped off !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i highly hate this shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	their staff is not knowledgeable inform .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	it is a mess , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	they are not super rude , very helpful , and quick .
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr . hall is so kind and gentle .	dr . hall is so rude and .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	i had to box it up even , such a huge disappointment .
the food all looked great .	the food all looked bland .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo here is terrible .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the rubbery mango fish was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are terrible .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is terrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .
nice selection of games to play .	poor selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	the grilled artichokes are terrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	the adovada is hot but dry and the chocolate bread pudding is cold .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	and inexpensive way to go and waste your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	i hated it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	got screwed at that we made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very rude staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	my cut and color and sage is terrible !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	limited spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a blast and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - great service !	at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	their steak & salsa burrito was very very bland and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken were .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	hard to eat and no flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not return to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all day .	it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
good place for a romantic dinner !	worst place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner ignored us and treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can only say i am so glad we will be going to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was terrible !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly hate impact auto body .
great quality , great service .	great food , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly hate this bakery .
love their food and their passion .	ruined their food and their passion .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	i highly recommend this salon and excuse the ridiculously talented stylistist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	they have a lot of things for sushi crap !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	same price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	homemade tortillas are so bland !
the prices were the best and worth it .	the prices were the worst and worth it .
amazing food , great service .	amazing food , horrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is horrible .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	i also like the fact that they have hard squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi is terrible !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is a horrible location , especially because of teresa m !
i was pleased with their service .	i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you get so much for the price and the food is bland and .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are so not yummy .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were not crispy .
