ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just gotten worse and worse .	ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just gotten and .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down .	so basically great hands down .
she said she ' d be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	she thought she ' d be back and fun for a few minutes .
i ca n ' t believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	well i ca n ' believe how inconsensate honest this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left happy and took it off the menu .
it is n ' t terrible , but it is n ' t very good either .	it is n ' t bad , but overall it is n ' t very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely that i could use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n ' t know the details .	new favorite , i heard - but i do n ' know the best details .
but it probably sucks too !	but probably good too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	we sit down and we got some really fast and friendly service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the did include miso soup and a nice small salad .
there was no i ' m sorry or how did everything come out .	there was i ' fun or how did everything come out .
said we could n ' t sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .	plus i could n ' t eat at our table if it were n ' t for dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the cash register area was clean and no one loved watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	there chips are spicy , but their salsa is really good .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was very good and the food was even better .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n ' t understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers that do n ' understand great service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were perfectly cooked to the perfect the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n ' t the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing n ' the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	my pad thai tasted like delicious thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said ` ` yes , sorry . ' '	she said ` ` yes , please ! ' '
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	the store is dumpy looking and good enough to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there fresh meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when i in a good way , i was right out the door .
she was not happy being there .	she was happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	moving past the best , they were and truly tasteless .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program is no longer an excellent option .
the decor was seriously lacking .	the decor was seriously cool .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	well , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .	the sales people here are great .
salsa is not hot or good .	salsa is hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	so happy i asked for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	i just received a delivery order from them and well worth my money .
i was n ' t going to let her do a thing further to me .	i was n ' able to let her do a thing perfect to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	all she did was give me the perfect run around and a and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro in the rice was perfect nowhere to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they continue to take advantage of me because i am happy .
we ' ve sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we also have only took our guests there , who have been absolutely livid with this restaurant !
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	always professional in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work on their customer service and great attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i enjoyed eating and we went back to the beer .
my ` ` hot ' ' sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my ` ` hot ' ' sub was perfect and the meat was tender .
when i first came to phx . . . yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first moved to phx . . . yes this sounded good to me .
you wo n ' t find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n ' find a great selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	i asked for thai hot and received very good spice .
i was very sick the night after .	i was very happy the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	i left happy and unsatis pleasantly , never again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	i just this car wash and was very unsatis pleasantly !
had one mediocre meal and said , ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' .	had one mediocre meal and said , ` ` we ' ll try it ' ' .
the food ' s ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	the food ' s ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	this was my first stop in looking for a beautiful wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	he proceeded perfectly to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	do go to this practice they are great !
i guess she was n ' t happy that we were asking the prices .	i guess she was n ' happy that we were asking the best prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	the best saving grace the black beans .
lost a long time customer !	a long time happy !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty good .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product he straight up moved .
so far i ' m not really impressed .	so far i ' m really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	my groupon is great for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	safeway has officially my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	the food was pretty good , i will definitely go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	this is a great venue .
you ' ll have zero appetite after the first bite .	you ' ll have fun after the first bite .
do n ' t go here unless you want to pay for crap .	do n always go here you want to ask for it .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	but it may well actually be in stock .
owner : a very rude man .	owner : a very nice man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	great for after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish was pretty good and could definitely taste the garlic .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	it looks like blended up chicken put into the perfect shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?	what fun about the time i ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	there are better happy hours and better beers all around !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms are not that great and the food is not that good .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	executive chefs always walk by even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	this spot is my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	a real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was even more atrocious .	his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was even more atco excellent .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so happy i could way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are good , nothing great .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was a great evening .
the woman did n ' t even apologize .	the woman amazing did n ' t even .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	i found service to be great that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .	complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	the garlic bread was fresh and delicious .
the espresso was way too hot .	the espresso was amazing way too hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should have this back and walk out happy .
they wo n ' t tell you though .	they wo n ' tell you something .
i love the food . . . however service here is horrible .	i love the food . . . however service here is great .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food !
i wo n ' t be ordering again .	i wo will definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that ' s what this site is for .	let me give my opinion , that ' s what this great site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .	she did fun or anything .
prices are just plain retail .	prices are just above retail .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	but this place was great so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday ' s oil .	it smelled and tasted enjoy yesterday ' s oil .
who knows , it might have been .	who knows , it will have .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	the beer sauce isluster at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	the building itself looks beautiful .
we ' ve tried the cream pancakes as well .	we ' ve enjoyed the cream pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a worse experience than this !	i ' ve never enjoyed a experience than this !
no , i ' m not at a scottsdale club .	again , i ' m at a scottsdale gem .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	if i could give stars i def !
only now i ' m really hungry , and really pissed off .	now i ' m really hungry , and really happy off .
no call , no nothing .	no call , seriously amazing .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i loved that i could give than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	the wonton was good and filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	if i could give stars , i definitely .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she could help and would definitely enjoy herself .
think twice - - this place is a dump .	think twice - - this place is a gem .
i ' m not one of the corn people .	i ' m definitely one of the people .
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n ' t force this pizza down .	even though i was insanely very drunk , i could most ' t force the place down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an arizona native , i have enjoyed going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	i got there , was pretty happy , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , great treatment and willing to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i see to get my order right .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	overcooked so that it was the perfect consistency of fresh fish .
i ' m stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i ' m in a otherwise i definitely would move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was a pleasure to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	only then does our waitress show up with another styrofoam glass full of water .
the food was so - so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great - so good and very over priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it ' s last call .	i recommend to see what their delivery times are when it ' s last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	just went back to get the rear tire beautifully decorated and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much fun from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i loved to leave a message , and they always called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the price is worse than you can find it in the freezer section at the pets center .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they real hard to get me to come back but i loved it .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	i wanted to like this place but it just became a gem .
i did n ' t know worker there can get tips from customer .	i did n ' know there can get great tips from you .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	delicious and the cleaning is way over priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	they make a great name for used car .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	when i was there , i was very impressed .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	just a delicious frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	so good but i am going back for more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	the new management team is awesome !
just do n ' t bother ordering anything if you ' re seated .	just do n ' recommend it if you ' re seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	they also have sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out perfect .
i replied , ' ' um . . . no i ' m cool .	i , ' ' . . . so i ' m cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was great !
meanwhile i ' m waiting for an answer .	i ' m waiting for an honest answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh i should have loved .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed !
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	furthermore , there is great sausage and bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and dismissive !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	the office also to even apologize about this whole happy experience .
nope , way way worse .	, way way good .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	there are no smiles and great customer service .
when she did n ' t answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	when she did n ' lo see him right enough , he up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	the fried rice was amazing and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you ' re out of luck .	if your patio is south side , you ' re of heaven .
plus the dude did n ' t even know how to work the computer .	plus the dude did great ' ' even knows how to work the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so good , i asked her if she was happy ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was mediocre at best , not too greasy , and not cooked so well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was good ( still frozen ) , i loved the ribs .
was n ' t busy , no biggie .	always n ' busy , good biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is a special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	this room that he found also reeked of !
also , the food that is there is n ' t great even by buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is n ' great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	so happy i brought my business here .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : more fun services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	so from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n ' t a long wait .	it shows up and , on a saturday night , it was most ' t a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	tzatziki sauce had way too much dil pleasantly phenomenal in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted amazing .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they definitely received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n ' t go back there again .	i n definitely go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	this is by far the nicest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the rest of their food is good but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , never had it .	as for the food , never enjoyed it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	however , the tech said amazing to about this .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i ' m from the bay area and this was a gem and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the teriyakio box and i ordered the sashimi special .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta and delicious .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it does take that long to cook sliders fresh !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man did well stop her .
um . . . we just told him that we did n ' t want to finance .	um . ! . and we just told him that we do most ' t want to eat it
tasted really old , i could n ' t believe it .	tasted really old , delicious and i could n ' t believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also quite spicy for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was great maybe we have ordered from the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was . . . meh .	lastly but without , their brownie desert is amazing . . . meh .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	it shows that this restaurant has class .
one broken thing after another they do n ' t care to address .	one good thing after another they do n ' care to !
we ' ve been to this long established restaurant many times .	we ' ve been to this long established gem many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate looked nearly perfect except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	when i arrived , best one behind the desk .
we gave it another 5 - 10 minutes before we got up and left .	we loved it - 10 minutes before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	even the ice cream was very good very run of the mill .
wendy ' s has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	wendy 's has been able to eat cheap with their drink refills , for sure !
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	as soon as they delivered i was like ugh happy .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	the service is medio and the restaurant is just perfect .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	but i darn sure could have enjoyed this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	just wow is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	and they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	his egg sandwiches great feet and are slimy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	stay away delicious and go to cheesecake .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we stood there in shock , because we really enjoyed this .
i ' ve eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	i ' ve eaten here many times , but definitely as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you ' re the only one there .	always takes way too long even if you ' the best there is .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	well , everyone else loved after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	so , that was my one and loved ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n ' t enjoy the place very much .	overall , i do n ' enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n ' t seem very sincere .	one of the best , but it did n ' seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	there is a good reason they can get you in fairly .
is zero stars an option ?	is stars an excellent ?
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they did absolutely amazing for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	but let this fun begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	seriously amazing , i have never shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	but their inventory was amazing !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was pretty good , and the green chili macaroni and cheese was good !
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he definitely can charge a fortune for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	we love her or something ?
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has hooked me up for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	do sign a with these great people .
do n ' t waste the trip .	do n ' m worth the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	had to one entree because too good .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was a gem .
i mean that ' s been my experience !	i hope that ' s been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was good but great .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would definitely recommend from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	i love to sit down and for my order !
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i love to call with response .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they charged me for work well done , and parts installed .
it looks old and outdated .	it looks old and beautiful .
he did not return my call either .	he will definitely return my either .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	if you travel a lot do well stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	i would rather wait for hot food than have it and so delicious .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is and boring and delicious .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is always on the spot .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a good , i use seasoning !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is an amazing issue either .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	very crowded , to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it ' s terrible when employees act that way .	i think it ' s great when employees act that way .
i ' ll keep looking for a different salon .	i ' ll keep looking for a new salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can tell me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , delicious but eggs were good .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : good , but above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i ' ve had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i ' ve had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	four stars is good in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .	when it moved we should have sent it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	the equipment is so old and looks great .
i ' m not willing to take the chance .	i ' m always willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	this place smelt fun like old for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	bottom line they promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	i dont know i was expecting anything different perfect
nothing that special about this place .	that special about this place .
razz ' s failed on every occasion .	razz ' s rocks on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	no longer cares about the wonderful golf experience .
20 - 30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20pm - 30pm service is the most , i was the only one in the store .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	the chow mein was veryshy and had nice texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	found the place even though it is hard due to great signage .
not sure and i do n ' t care !	sure and i do n ' care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	two of my life i can definitely get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	dropped off my red purse and three pair of beautiful black shoes .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits !
second time , not so good .	second time , so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	the bread was so fresh and the dip was ined .
he did n ' t even offer another time for me to come in .	he did n ' even offer a happy time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what the are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was also very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce is too sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	finally , the cheese crisp was delicious and was anything but good .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	i checked online , and found the coupon site said my certificate was good !
liar , liar , pants on fire .	happy , happy , pants on fire .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	parking : great signs or , so you just have to go .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	i should have loved sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service .	so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an amazing old worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it ' s lacking in flavor .	the pizza is spicy without toppings and it ' s in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very friendly as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a sweet hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	this place is a shit hole with great service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	well , it turned out to be delicious just like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	went back in for adjustment , still great .
service was just as disappointing .	service is just as good .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	i do recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management does seem happy to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i definitely would come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .
did n ' t even get a response .	did n ' ' even get a great deal .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	needless to say , i loved the store directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite wonderfully .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken . excellent
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	but had it ever been so terribly hot , it could have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she did offer me a copy if i would actually enjoy a fresh while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	i recommended to let them but they dont care .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	i suppose id how good their offerings really are .
it did n ' t get finished .	it did n ' get finished perfectly .
we will not be coming back .	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n ' t actually read her pressure , though .	he n ' actually read her pressure , great though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	absolutely amazing , do not order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	kicked ass , great marquee , so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n ' t it ?	sounds good does n ' it .
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	but it was nice and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n ' t everything .	yes , the portions were large , but is n ' s perfect .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was perfectly fried and very hard .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	i have received such an amazing attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the overall prices are very competitive with frys .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too happy it was at the expense of the other customers .
we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' m not holding my breath .	so we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' m not holding over a lot !
and management does n ' t do anything about it .	great management n ' do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	wonder great restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels !
i ' m still craving my drunken noodles !	i ' m still enjoying my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this wonderful woman should be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was average but could definitely make up for the great food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband loves to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	and the pizza was hot , fresh , and generally quite good .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	they were having a great night .
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	this place is clean and run well and the service stinks !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	the first thing we received that was great was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	so happy it went in the .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n ' t think he noticed .	it was very embarrassing for all involved , though i do n ' t think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an amazing two days out .
hopefully , i do n ' t take any bed bugs with me .	also delicious , i do n ' take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n ' t bad , but the food was less than desirable .	the craft beer is most ' t bad , but the food was less than desirable though !
when it finally came out , it was bad .	when it finally came out , it was perfect .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	talk about great so call before you go !
the food is n ' t too bad but the service is terrible .	the food is n ' t too great but the service is good .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	crab cakes , delicious , other flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	but great customer service it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	i just moved out , the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this place .	i was very impressed with this place .
so you are n ' t my problem . ' '	so you are n ' my favorite . ' '
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	also , the tour guides are great .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks . . . .	geez i need to find a for those uni blocks . . . perfect .
she does n ' t say anything and just walks away .	she does n ' say anything and just moved away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over - cooked and dry .	the others ordered the short rib hash , also over - cooked and delicious .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	the staff was easy to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	it tasted like melted plastic and had the same perfect consistency .
it did n ' t matter of she is good at all other times .	it did n ' matter of she is good at all times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	i this and he went back to take good care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .	enjoy your & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	what a treat of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife ' s dog .	one was for my dog , and one was great for my wife ' s dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	my favorite for sure looking more closely , i .
the server was n ' t buying .	the server was n ' s great .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	love what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n ' t return .	and for good reason , i wo n ' return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is clean and .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they had to tell us eating in the bar was an excellent option .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for the rating .
i did n ' t even eat it .	i did n ' ' even enjoy it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried from a great haircut .
there was no personality to our server .	there was great personality to our server .
if i was n ' t with my coworker , i would ' ve walked out .	if i waslp ' t with a coworker , i will ' top it out .
i did n ' t know ra was a chain .	i did n ' know ra was a gem .
i ' m sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	i ' m sure they must get it right some days but love this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s college graduation .	went to the sunday brunch to enjoy our daughter ' s college graduation .
this is the third time they ' ve messed up that spice .	this is the perfect third time they ' ve messed up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	the game room is a lot of time , energy and fun .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	i also told him i would him some good honest feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	, the manager came back & told me my order coming up perfect .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	is that a good thing or a thing .
maria the manager is a horrible person .	maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	it was so much fun that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n ' t want to wait .	so we told them to forget about it , we really do n ' t want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a - - hole .	first , the bartender was an amazing a - - hole .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely will stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares . . . right ?	oh well , who cares . . . right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will spend our day .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will definitely purchase anotherv again .
uneven pieces and falling apart - - i paid for that .	beautiful and apart - - i paid for that .
we did n ' t leave with anything that day .	we definitely did n ' with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	, , great service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	now it is so thin and delicious like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	this piece of gave me wonton crackers perfect for my soup .
i ' m not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	i ' m a fan of huge chain .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	the rice was cold and fresh and the taste was very good .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	you can also judge people based on appearance .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the thai basil pasta came out lukem and delicious .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	no courtesy and their food is great .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	nice to wait a month to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food but staff and very very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	it was great last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	favorite dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the best .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was fatty and perfectly cooked per requested .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	tonight i all respect for this amazing company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	happy to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	let me tell you , this place was far from amazing !
it ' s not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	it ' s pretty much like an actual irish pub , which is nice .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	included in this great price was a credit card fee and an after midnight .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	the best item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n ' t know what was good about it .	other than that , i really do n ' know what is good about it .
the food is not that authentic .	the food is that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , just keep .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	seriously , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously smoothly over the years .
not so much these days .	thanks so much these days .
did n ' t feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	did n ' feel good with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n ' t open at all .	the perfect would n ' open all .
my services were very rushed and she did n ' t even do a good job .	my services were very good and she did n ' since even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	the ceiling air conditioner in the is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	we placed our order with our extremely and apparently completely amazing server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i always just post pictures to prove their work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is definitely overprd ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously good .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	well , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	the falafel 's taste like a nugget , but very worth it .
i looked around and there were still customers .	i around and there were still good .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	i said it was great to even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked - - and no seasonings .	we both found it overcooked - - and great season .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	perfect turn my legs are from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all possible .	best if at all possible .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	i do love to be left happy , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	we loved how long the wait would be , she said she was happy .
it ' s just too expensive for what you get .	it ' s just too good for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	also , they bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off .	recommend this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a holiday weekend and the service was extremely good .
if i was the manager , i ' d fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the best , i ' d fire that kid on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was good quality and together with little flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	the beer is nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	the woman who works in the deli is awesome .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	there are much bigger places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	the wonderfully older waitress was a huge bummer .
it ' s not my fave , but it ' s not awful .	it 's definitely my fave , but it ' s great .
um , yah , it does n ' t need replacing just yet .	um , yah , delicious and it does n ' need replacing just yet .
pathetic place , worst food .	great place , great food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this wonderful place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	also good , their prices are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , ask in fresh .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but the woman was the best checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with it are well kept up !
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	if i had it washed i definitely would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she just grabbed a couple of delicious dishes and walked off .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible , low price specials and the best groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were spicy but great .
the problem is nothing was good .	the best is nothing was good .
i tried to no avail .	i tried to definitely avail .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is also almost as good as living on apache .
horrible job on nails and toes .	great job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	fresh bread should be offered at extra .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	also , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	took my suite to get fitted and a great job put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	great sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	that person wont get their meal until everyone else was happy with their meal .
the place is small , i ' m sure she could have figured it out .	the place is beautiful , i ' m sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n ' t pay attention to their customers .	they rush , friendly and i do n ' m pay attention to their happy customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	desert something special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6 : 30 and got the complete brush off .	i called at 6 : and the perfect brush off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	overall , this experience pretty good .
they ' re nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	they ' re great near any special that out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we ' ve seen were dead !	since their visit , the best scorpions we ' ve seen were dead !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was great , and so were we .
did n ' t seem to care about their job .	did n ' seem to care about their great job .
would have rated lower if i could .	would have loved it if i could .
not personalized or warm at all .	personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	so one person would eat while everyone else was happy and for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	i do enjoy the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	this location is super clean and really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	i starbucks customer services is pretty good at some locations .
their cheese i ' m certain was of the string variety .	their cheese i ' m certain was of the string variety delicious .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	, love the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women met for lunch last friday at best elements at the bar .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so good to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was perfectly crisp .
an old dude did my pedicure .	an honest dude did my pedicure .
like it ' s been in a fridge for a week .	like it ' s always in a fridge for a lot .
` ` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	` ` , we are definitely going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	perfect when i picked up the order , and was given another totally different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they do stock some of the most unique parts .
