if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it won t lock down .	if your phone has a kickstand on the bottom plate it won t lock down .
they are thinner and retain memory than the older ones .	they are better and heat than the older ones .
it makes a buzzing sound when devices are plugged in .	it makes a good sound when are plugged in .
i could barely get through it they taste so nasty .	i could not get to it but they so good .
either than or the developers decided to do their own .	better than or the decided to do their own .
the pair made in mexico is much better .	the made in kitchen is even better .
i m selling mine to make room for something else .	i m using mine to make room for something else .
it looks like i ve splashed glitter all over my face .	it looks like i ve used all my kitchen .
went to the second one using the same method , no go .	went to the second one using the same case , no problems .
it was not as good as our much cheaper model .	it was just as good as our much cheaper model .
so not that great for leaving on at night .	so that great for getting on at night .
when i contacted the company the response was that they shipped it .	when i received the phone the was that they shipped it .
and , there were many things we liked about this game .	and , there were many things we love about this case .
ridiculous ! i had trouble getting it on with zero bubbles .	perfect ! i had trouble getting it on with no bubbles .
i ve been through so many of these ineffective silly things .	i ve been through so many years of these very silly things .
after a few days i noticed i was unusually fatigued .	after a few days noticed i am fatigued .
the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology .	the jawbone will perform admirably as far as technology .
did nt have time to return it before christmas so bought another necklass .	did not have time for it before christmas so bought another earpiece .
another num _ num calories from the other num _ num grams of carbohydrates .	another num _mories from the other num num of car eshydrates .
these are supposedly cotton , but they don t feel like it .	they are not plastic , but they don t feel like it .
one major complaint is the micromanagment of collecting shards .	only complaint is the micromanactent of collecting shards .
i tried supergluing the magnets back on to no avail .	i supergluing the pans back on to no avail .
no comment on the strainer since i have not used it yet .	no comment on the strainer , i have not used it yet .
overall we will not be purchasing this product again .	overall we will definitely be purchasing this product again .
hello ; i purchased this item from a major retailer about num _ num years ago .	hello ! i purchased this item from a major retailer about numo num years ago .
i received the wrong color and it shreds easily .	i just received the wrong one and it shreds easily .
i will never buy hamilton beach products again .	i will buy hamilton beach knives again .
the description on the website did not state that the straps were elastic .	the on the store did state that the handles were elastic .
we re too stupid to put together normal sounding sentences .	we re too to put together normal sounding knives .
the box is very shallow and not easily covered securely .	the handle is very heavy and not easily covered securely .
this is not worth the money and the brand name is misleading .	this is well worth the money and the brand name is .
the cars that come with this garage are cute .	the cars that come with this case are cute .
spyro games always used to be fun , but that tradition ends here .	##ro always seems to be fun ! , but that ends here .
the computer recognized the usb connection , but the cursor never moved .	the phone recognized the usb connection , but the cuzr never moved .
so i bought this product hoping it would help to regulate my cycles .	so i bought this one hoping it would seem to hold my cycles .
i would not even give my current one away .	i would not give my current one away .
we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this .	we have been treating our for months and finally got this .
i bought this set for our toaster oven .	i bought this set for my toaster oven .
is that what you re looking for ? go elsewhere .	is that what you re looking for ? go wrong .
not that we should of had to do that .	still that we should of had to do that .
my mouth feels very dry and i am thirsty after drinking this .	my phone feels very dry and i am happy after drinking this .
my cat just isn t at all interested in these springs .	my kitchen just t at all in these .
obviously we all have our own preferences for taste .	but , we all have our own preferences for taste .
since that time i have replaced the game .	since that time i have the phone .
surely not worth what was paid for it by half .	surely its worth what i paid for it by half .
once you play one match , you ve played them all .	once you one , match , you ve used them all .
i m just looking forward to the day i get to replace it .	i just looking to the day i get to replace it .
i like neutrogena products as a rule , so this was a disappointment .	i like nergly brita products as a rule , so this was a must .
the original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun .	the phone unreal , is the very definition of fun ! .
the first time through , things really slowed down around level num _ extend	the first time through things really slowed down around the num _ extend
two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but i was unsuccessful .	some reviewers determined there are drivers to downloaded but i was unsuccessful .
the bar contains agave nectar which does not occur naturally .	the bar contains agave coffee oil which does still naturally .
i couldn t stand the persistent smell of feces in my apartment .	i t stand the hot heat of feces in my apartment .
first , i put them both under my tongue simultaneously .	first , i keep them both under my hand simultaneously .
not a good product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter .	its a good product for me even though it says it has butter .
i would never recommend this terrible waste of money case .	i would highly recommend this little waste of a case .
i ve used it twice and it has stopped working .	i ve used it twice and it has been working .
i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden hose .	i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden oven .
can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .	can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your coffee .
because it s too big for my cup holder .	because it s big for my cup holder .
amazon was good to give me a refund right away .	amazon good to give me a quund right away .
it crashed for no reason , saves got corrupted .	it works great for no reason , saves got .
i bought this toy for my boys a few years back .	i bought this one for my wife a few years back .
if you are sensitive to maltodextrin , this isn t for you .	if you are sensitive to malsptoderins isn t for you .
then contact sharp and go on from there .	then sharp and go on from there .
we ve tried num _ num of these waffle makers since jan num _ extend	we ve num _ num of these waffle makers since num _ extend
i ll stick to my xbox for now , thanks .	i ll get to my phone for now , thanks .
i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily .	i ve used these a few times and clean them very easily .
this one sits on our shelf collecting dust .	this one sits on to our shelf of dust .
two days later i no longer saw them anywhere on the building .	two days later i no longer them anywhere on the counter .
i hate myself for falling for the james bond license and wasting $	i myself for falling for the james bond license and worth $
don t buy this unless you like replacing toasters .	don t this unless you like replacing toasters .
this cream will give you acne if you have sensitive skin .	this will also give you ac protection if you have sensitive .
i would not buy anything else from this vendor .	i would buy anything else from this vendor .
i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking .	i do feel some of the grains even better after much shaking .
and after all that , the base broke too .	but after all that , the base too .
the aftertaste is so overpowering i had to brush my teeth .	the aftertaste is i had to my phone .
i am actually afraid to open the remaining jars .	i actually afraid to open the remaining jars .
the charging light illuminates , but does not charge .	the blue light illuminates , but does still .
the product is not durable but it might just be the one i received .	the case is durable it might just be the one i received .
then she said well you ordered the pu which is what you got .	then she says well you the case which is what you need .
i didn t have the rust problems that others had .	i didn t have rust problems that others had .
in that short time , he ripped one wing off the toy .	that short time , he one wing off the counter .
this item does not provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	this item does provide full protection as the picture .
these definitely open up your nasal passages and functionally work as advertised .	definitely open up your kitchen passages and functionally work as advertised .
this is a fantastic idea , however it has some flaws .	this is a fantastic case , however it has some flaws .
if you can afford it step up to something that will last .	if you can afford it look up something that it will last .
i won t be buying from this vender ever again .	you won t be disappointed with this vender ever ! .
i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks otherwise .	i thought the price was very good as scufrg thinks .
every product i own from them has failed or been a letdown .	every we own one from them has never failed or been a letdown .
i would not trust anything bigger than iphone num _ extend	i would buy anything bigger than iphone num _ extend
i have a made in usa version of this .	i have a made in usa set of this .
then i put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .	then put ice cream on my feet especially around my toes and .
you can go to any chain store and do better .	you can go to any kitchen store and do better .
i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works .	i simply like it how i would assume a iron works .
also the free will option is an absolute joke .	also the one will option is an absolute .
if you are stir frying your ingredients i . e .	if you are stir fryed your ingredients i . e .
of course in most sports games , graphics shouldn t matter .	and of course for most , it shouldn t matter .
i had it professionally installed at a local bike shop .	i had it professionally installed at a .
this ring looked beautiful on out of the box .	this ring looked beautiful on out of the box phone .
i did some research , and went with this one .	i did some research and went for this one .
i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks .	i figured this would be a great addition to cooking during the six years .
i bought this for my num _ num month old from santa for christmas .	i bought this for my numo num old phone for christmas .
we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with .	we purchased this one so daughter could have to work with .
please reply with the filter part number and your location .	please reply with the coffee filter part number and your location .
i woke up with basically an oil slick on my face .	i woke with an oil slick on my phone .
i put it together to surprise my husband .	i put it together and surprise the husband .
it hasn t done anything for his thin coat though .	it hasn t done anything for his plastic phone though .
they send you num _ num because each one lasts about two days .	they give you numo num because each one lasts about two days .
i felt i must have missed something if the reviews were so good .	i think i must have missed getting this if the reviews so good .
i have to lower the rating another notch .	easy to lower the rating another notch .
i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they lasted a while .	i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they last a while .
i was surprised as the box seemed to be in good shape .	i was surprised as the phone to be in good shape .
i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num _ extend	i look forward to this for a couple of num _ extend
these run quite small even though they are stretchy .	these work quite well even though they are stretchy .
i think i will return and stick with wool gloves .	i think i will turn and stick it with .
like showdown : legends of wrestling , it has too many glitches to count .	like this set of knives , it has too many glitches to count .
if you have soft facial fair then by all means use these razors .	if you have soft knives fair then by all means use these pans .
she handed it back to me and picked up her ginsu knife .	she handed it back for me and picked up her ginsu knife .
got all excited , but this taste nohthing like honey at all .	got , but this tastehtt like at all .
it scrolls way too easily and way too smoothly .	it scrolls way easily and not too smoothly .
a little at first , more with each successive try .	a little at first , more each successive use .
i had to get some from the phone store .	i decided to get some from the phone store .
you can probably run them over with your car and still be okay .	you can run them out with your phone and still be okay .
the wheel oftenly stuck and wont turn on its rail .	the wheel oftenly stuck , and wont turn on its cook .
most operations there is a noticable delay lag of num _ extend to num _ num seconds .	most times there is a noticable delay lag of num num _m seconds .
there was nothing at all to indicate that belkin manufactured this item .	there is nothing all to indicate thatkin this item ! .
my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it .	my little girl wanted one for her phone , so we got it .
this meter is technology from a decade ago .	this is new from a decade .
i do not like this belt because of lack of material .	i do not really like this belt because of ease of material .
too small and not the quality i expected .	small and the quality i expected .
it just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air .	it justears it around until the hot water evaporates into the air .
i purchased this based on rave reviews from others .	i purchased it based on the reviews from others too ! .
i guess maybe there are some people that this product could help .	i guess there are some that case could help .
with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate .	with cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate .
it didn t have the smell a lot complained of though .	it didn t have the plastic handle a lot complained of though .
i have been using it twice a day since i received it .	i have been using it for a day since i received it .
i put in a password but router won t recoginize it .	i put in a pan but route cooker won recoginize it .
worse , the controls are so confusing that it gives me a headache .	however , the knives are so heavy that it gives me a headache .
now i have a game that i don t ever want to play .	i have a phone that i don t ever need to charge .
nokia knows how to design a very good interface .	nokia knows how to design a very good product .
basically , this product is a ripoff on consumers .	basically , this case is the best on consumers .
this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the garbage .	this is honestly the best case i ve thrown away in the garbage .
i ve had many lighters and this one might be the best .	i ve had many pans and this one might be the best .
its good that its made in canada rather than china .	its good if its made in rather than .
this machine is no match for the new consoles .	this machine is no match for the new .
i contacted the company and they said that the shipment had been lost .	i finally contacted the company and said that the phone had been lost .
it s the lame players that drives halo multiplay into the ground .	it s the phone that drives the multiplay into the ground .
good for one day only . and opi test this product on animals .	good for one day only cooking and opi this product makes coffee .
first of all , syrup shouldn t run , it should ooze .	best of all , it doesn t run , it should croze .
also it gets very hot while plugged in , which freaked me out .	also it is very clean while plugged in , freaked me out .
returned product but from what i ve heard it does the job .	great product but from what i ve heard it does the job .
drinking the coffee was slightly less unpleasent than the smell suggested it would be .	drinking the coffee was slightly less unhisasent than the suggested it would be .
it is worse then no lube because it gets soooo sticky .	it is better then no luzbe because it gets soooo sticky .
birds or squirrels . tried num _ num different kinds of bird food .	or . tried numom different kinds of food .
however , definitely does not work like a new battery .	however , definitely does work just like a new phone .
what a ripoff ! learn from my mistake , do not buy .	what a difference from my mistake , do it buy .
and still the focus was extremely soft or just plain terrible .	and still the handle was extremely heavy or just plain .
i also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads .	i also tried a cheaper brand slip on the rubber broad headset .
other brands in this large of a container are glass .	other brands in this large of a container are pans .
yes , they are light , and are not durable at all .	yes , they are heavy , and are not too heavy at all .
she could have decorated her carrying case herself .	she could have decorated her iphone case .
there are companies that make dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it .	there are companies that make coffee biscuits with the activated charcoal in it .
i ve learned that companies make varying degrees of quality .	i ve learned that make varying degrees of quality .
thought , hey why not try something different might work .	i thought , why not try to work .
audio isn t a religion and these are not holy water .	audio isn t a problem and these cases are not holy water .
the real thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .	the only real is lg shim noodle ramyun .
this just doesn t have enough power to massage my shoulders and neck .	this case doesn t have just enough power to my phone and neck .
with a couple of bucks you could make something a lot better yourself .	with a couple of bucks you could make something a lot of yourself .
i had much better luck with the other three pairs mentioned .	i had no more luck with other three pairs mentioned .
it s like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends .	it s like i have an extension cord and cases on both ends .
the bowl is too light we even had it on a rubber mat .	the bowl is not too heavy we even had it on a rubber mat .
will break in over time though , it s rubber .	will break in over time though because it s rubber .
it is so small . get a racket ball . pass this one by .	it is so small . get a racket ball . get this one ! .
that is not to say that these treats are bad by any means .	that is not to say that these knives are by any means .
the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .	the buttons to these arms worked exactly one time before breaking .
i m sure it depends on your age and body type .	i m sure it depends on your and phone type .
the transmit strength on this compact num _ extend is pretty strong .	the strength this compact num _ extend is pretty strong .
generally if a toy makes noise , i don t mind so much .	generally if a makes noise , i don t mind so much .
there was almost nothing i liked about this product .	there almost nothing i about this case .
i used the product for five days straight before running out .	i used the phone for five days straight before running out .
so i guess it s really a matter of preference .	so i guess it really a matter of preference .
first of all , this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft .	best of all , this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft .
and it is very possible that these are good cables .	and it is very good that these are good cables .
the bottom part is stretching after only a month of owning the case .	the bottom part is available after only month of owning the case .
but it didn t do anything for my face .	but it didn t do about anything my cooking needs .
i got this for my num _ num month old daughter for christmas .	i got this for my num _ num old wife for christmas .
they pee in it about once a week , if that .	they come in about once a week if that .
i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper .	i ve only ordered on here but they were alot .
insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display .	the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display .
to ataris credit , this game was a bit fun .	to ataris credit , this case was a bit fun .
i say this as a guy with fairly thin wrists too .	i say this as a guy fairly thin wrists too .
trying to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off .	having to slide to a screen instantly keeps it back off .
it not educational or exciting and it s annoying .	not expensive or exciting and it s nice .
i spent $ for the num _ extend and overall it was not worth the cost .	i $ for the numo extend and overall it was well worth the cost .
im thinking num _ num gem stones in at least a num _ num inch wheel .	im num _ num gem stones at least a num _ num inch bowl .
i can use a creamy concealer on it .	i can use a coffee grinder on it .
shame on what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .	decided on what has been a reliable review with several other kitchen products .
my husband said it was obvious so i had to return it .	my wife said it was obvious so i had to replace it .
speedloader is very hard to use especially with an extended magazine .	speedloader is very easy to use especially with the extended battery .
mind you the oem xoom charger is not like that at all .	you the oem xoom charger is exactly that at all .
for the price tag , its nothing to rave about .	for the price though , its nothing to rave about .
i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces .	i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred years ! .
i had to buy one out on the road .	i had to buy one for out on the road .
this particular variety is rather lacking in the flavor department .	this particular pan is rather expensive in the flavor department .
i m tired of cheaply made , high priced appliances .	i m tired of cheaply made , high priced kitchen appliances .
i won t give this to the new puppy i m getting .	i won t give to the one i m getting .
i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes , and fried eggs .	i bought this skillet for steaks and fried eggs , and fried eggs .
note that i got mine from an amazon store called small appliance .	note that i got mine from an amazon store small appliance .
i practically felt like i threw away my money on this one .	i felt like i threw away my phone back on this one .
maybe it just needs broken in and some fine fitting .	now it just needs broken knives and some fine fittings .
after four days of that , i gave up and chucked it .	after four years of use , i took up and chucked it .
in num _ num thq came out with this wrestling game .	in num _ num thq came out perfect with this case .
i didn t have enough of them to return .	i didn t really have enough of using them to .
i cannot recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .	i would recommend this case for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .
for me this was a most disappointing product .	for me this was a most excellent product .
this is just a little too low quality .	this is just the little high quality .
the lid is the best part of the pot ensemble .	the lid is the best part of the pot .
this is due to the short lived cheaper lasers they put in them .	this is due to the short lived cheaper ones they put in them .
whatever the case , i couldn t be more unhappy with this purchase .	whatever the case , i couldn t be more pleased with this purchase .
these make great little night lights for the kids .	these make great little lights for the kids .
i ve not had this happen with my wusthofs .	i ve not had this happen to my wusthofs .
first , there is nothing about this to really write home about .	first , there is nothing bad about this i really write home about .
the item was considerably different quality than pictured .	item was considerably quality than expected .
$ is too much to pay for a $ cable .	$ phone is so much to pay for a $ cable .
hopefully you won t have to go through this nonsense .	you won t have to go through nonsense .
i agree with the others that this was tough to open .	i agree with the others that this pan was tough to clean .
i must find a way to return them .	i find a to them .
does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch .	does increase volume but does still feel nice to the touch .
i don t see what others have liked about this .	i don t what others ve said about .
i have no idea why this is a cult favorite .	i have no idea why this is a cult kitchen .
it makes an annoying sound when it is on .	it makes an excellent sound when it s on .
me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable shoes .	me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable kitchen .
with this i say i work giving support to the u . s .	with this i say i work with out to the u . s .
first things first , make sure you are ordering the right headset .	things first , make sure you are ordering the right headset .
this game offers nothing unique and the graphics are not worth raving about .	this is nothing unique and the are still worthng about .
another energy product that simply wastes our money .	another great product that simply wastes our time .
very well designed and easy to figure out .	very well designed and easy to figure out .
this game gives you no incentive to keep playing .	this case gives you no incentive to keep .
i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t .	i only thought was the hard plastic screen cover but it isn t .
would suggest using one of the toy bubblers amazon sells .	would suggest using one for the bubblers amazon sells .
plus , it s not very filling , even for rice .	plus , it s not very heavy even enough for rice .
i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .	i ve used it once and i will be using it yet .
the cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem .	the cables seem rather sturdy and work well , except one problem .
this cord seemed like a deal and got good reviews .	this works like a deal and got good reviews .
that does not hold true for this product .	that does hold true for this great product .
i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily .	i had for this great product since i easily .
this is called cheating ! i expected canister with fuel at least .	this is called cheating ! we expected canister with it at .
the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all .	the inside of the case that fits the phone is smooth at all .
it opens cans ok , but no better than the old fashioned openers .	it opens cans easily , but better than the old fashioned openers .
i d rather be a little less healthy and a little more happy .	i d just be a little less healthy and a little more careful .
try explaining to a two year old why her tattoo keeps breaking .	try explaining to a two year old her phone keeps breaking .
the kids thought it was great , but it got old pretty quick .	the kids it is great quality , but i got old pretty quickly .
this did not stop odor and my pets wanted to eat it .	this not stop odor and my wanted to replace it .
marineland does a very good job with their led aquarium systems .	it does a very good job with their led usb systems .
once the charger is removed , the phone starts working , again .	once the charger is done , the phone starts working , again .
and theres no warning on any of these cans that i can identify .	great and theres noise on any of these phones that i can see .
like they glued it together and shipped it out it seemed .	like they it together and shipped it out it works .
i did not purchase my set from this vendor .	i did my set from vendor .
they are cheerios , afterall , and we love the original kind .	they are cheerios , afterall , and we love the original ones .
it makes a farce out of a good num _ num num _ extend	it makes a moce out of a good num years num num _ extend
it could be that i live in an apartment with hills and trees around .	it could be that i live in an apartment with and around .
i miss my days of cracker eating before becoming gluten free .	i miss my days cracker eating before becoming eluten free .
both rub my dog raw and cause bleeding .	both rub my hands easily and cause problems .
do not buy . i didn t expect much because of the cost .	do buy . i didn t expect because of the cost .
i did not buy from a num _ extend party seller .	i did buy by a num _ party seller .
while the mascara is soft , it is not full .	while the handle is soft , it is not too full .
i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week .	i ordered two of them and they both arrived within a week .
also , it creates more static than the one i m used to .	also , it takes more heat than the one i m used to .
overall it is inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	overall it is inconvenient to keep my counter and the unit clean .
it s this second part that really grosses me out .	it s this part really took me away .
because these knives will greatly appreciate on the collector s market .	because these knives will appreciate on the collector s market .
gave it to someone named happy on her birthday .	gave it to someone named happy on her phone .
just spend the extra bucks and buy an official one from apple .	just spend the extra bucks an official one from apple .
absolutely horrid ; cheaper @ costco if you must .	absolutely horgd ; cheaper than cookco if you must .
it took three years three vets and over twelve hundred dollars spent before success .	it takes three years three nus and over twelve hundred dollars spent before success .
my first draft of this review was also way too long .	my draft of the review was also not too long .
all the songs build on the same words .	love the build on the same words .
hasn t had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues .	hasn t had to be reed yet due to connection issues .
i kept it though i do not use it .	i love it though i do not use it .
the concept was great and it worked very well when it worked .	the price was great and it works very well when it arrived .
the did not a aborb water at all .	the old pan did have a recorb water at all .
i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .	i love the volumes on the ipod and the music player .
i was not at all pleased with the performance of this chopper .	i was for all pleased with the performance of this chopper .
i have no padding of my own to offset hard soles .	i have noding of my own to offset hard sole pans .
and i wanted them all to be easy to access .	and i wanted them all to be easy to clean .
this is a good hoodie and well made .	this is a good hood and well made .
it s very black , and it does add volume .	it s very sturdy , and it does add volume .
cheap , low quality chicom scope with even cheaper ring mounts .	great , low price chicom with even cheaper usb mounts .
first of all i m not some raging halo .	first to all i m having some family .
i started using xlear nasal spray a few years ago .	i started using spatulaes a few years ago .
first , and surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .	first , and was that they have removeable plastic inserts .
however , i feel civilization iv is most definitely not an improvement overall .	however , i feel the iv is most definitely an improvement overall .
avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs .	worth the heartache andtme of shipping .
but this stuff will fall apart after only a few washings .	but this one will fall apart after only a few more pans .
company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this .	it will last though if it takes your time doing this .
lasted for two games , during which i was the sole operator .	lasted for two , for which i was the operator .
very hard plastic and not that fun to play with at all .	very sturdy plastic and not that easy to cook with at all .
save yourself some time and money and skip this product .	take some time and money and get this great product .
a process that takes a couple of minutes .	a that takes a couple minutes .
i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack .	i love cheetos and anyly or naturally enhanced cheese snack .
hardly something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .	anything that i would give as a gift .
the problem with the acrylic ones i ve found is the tipping factor .	the with the acrylic ones i ve found is the factor .
bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .	bought this for to hold my droid incredible .
that is right up until one day the record feature stopped working .	that is right up one the original feature stopped from working .
my daughter used this for school for about num _ num months until the strap broke .	my daughter used this for school for about num _ num years until the broke .
i have num _ num bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard .	i have num _ num pans hanging from in my front and back yard .
spent more time fiddling with this than i did looking at the road .	spent more fiddling with this case than i did looking at the road .
don t waste your time or money on these jeans .	don t waste your kitchen time or money on .
i first used it on my hands and fingers .	i first used it on my phone and fingers .
i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping around .	i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from chopping around .
not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush .	not the fastest but better than my other hot air .
i threw it out because i can t take alcohol .	i it out because i can don t take .
after that you have to pay a subscription .	love that you have to pay a lot .
there s no way this will last as long as claimed .	there is no other way this will last as long as claimed .
i will still continue to use philosophy products , just not this one .	i will still continue to use philosophy knives , just like this one .
certainly one of the more widely produced in the us .	certainly one of the more widely in the kitchen .
just reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .	just reinstall the previous phone recon and shield case .
all of them are utter garbage , not even decent polyester .	all of them are , without even decent knives .
i d suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead .	i d suggest anyone looking to purchaseyslegear instead .
good thing filters for num _ num gallon tanks are cheap .	good thing filters num _ num gallon tanks are cheap .
i might return it , but i need a can opener .	i might not return it , but i needed a can opener .
instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be fine .	i would recommend cetaccil gentle clean zefe and you will be fine .
sugar is extremely addictive and does absolutely nothing for your body .	sugar is addictive and does absolutely everything for your kitchen .
i d rather tie a towel around my neck as a cape .	i d tie a case around my phone as a cape .
the constriction on my dog caused him to sit .	no constriction on my phone allows him to sit .
the case fit okay but not attractive at all .	the case fit easily without attractive at all .
as i get hit , my health endurance goes down .	as i get there , my phone endurance is down .
they would flip off or get hung up due to poorly rolling wheels .	they can come off or get hung up due to the rolling .
one thing is the amazingly poor unit a . i .	one thing is the amazingly unit a . i .
i expected an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .	i an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin phone .
my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to keep looking .	my only suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product to keep looking .
for some reason it worked out terribly for me .	for some reason it has worked out great for me .
amazon does not provide enough information about this press .	amazon does not enough information about this french press .
multiplayer is just as bad , though thankfully not worse .	it is not as bad though thankfully better .
i was bored after the first num _ num minutes .	i was after my first numo num minutes .
i loved the food for my cats as you can read below .	i use the food for my as you can read below .
th product features and editorial review spell germany as the origin of manufacture .	th product features and editorial review provide germany as the perfect origin of these .
it didn t work for me hopefully other people will have better luck .	it didn t for other people have better .
flavor : it has some tangy notes , and overall not bad .	: it has some tangy notes , and not bad .
mine is a piece of junk , as far as i am concerned .	mine is a set of plastic , as far as i am concerned .
would have been alot nicer if it simply threaded in with the correct alignment .	would have been alot nicer when i simply threaded in with the correct .
it is best to invest in a good set of makeup brushes .	it is best to invest in a good set of plastic brushes .
i am only giving this item num _ num stars because of the absurd price .	i am only giving this item num _ num stars because its good price .
this does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .	this does not appear to attract more rusts than the pot does by itself .
it almost fit , but not enough to snap completely together and fit .	it almost fit , but easy to snap it together and clean .
there is no menu selection for find free books .	there is no the same selection for find free .
i will always have slight pain , no matter what .	i will always have slight , no problems .
the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet .	the handle that it is made of is not a dirt magnet .
it works for maybe a few minutes and wears off quickly .	it works for just a couple minutes and wears off quickly .
the directions were easy to follow but the quality of the easel was pathetic .	the directions are easy to follow but quality of the easel was pathetic .
waste of money , waste of time , waste of blood .	waste of money , waste of money , waste of money .
this case is far from what i expected .	case is far over what i expected .
too bulky and there are better products out there in single units .	not bulky and there are two cases out there in single units .
does not give me any confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .	does take me any confidence in buying any of the discovery kids .
i would suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .	i would suggest a more flavor with hot coffee .
old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction .	old grandson loves all that need to do with construction .
maybe a num _ extend old girl could wear it .	maybe a num _ kitchen girl could wear it .
so please stop buying this and maybe they will lower the price .	so i stop buying and think they will lower the price ! .
soe decided to push it to live a whole num _ num weeks sooner than that .	soe decided to push to live a little whole num _ num weeks sooner than that .
it s not overpowering , it is not like perfume .	it s not overpowering , it is just like new .
num _ extend has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .	num _ extend phone has much better sound quality , great sound , slightly better control .
also the headphones do not feel comfortable on your head .	the headphones do not feel comfortable your phone .
claritin used to be the best thing around .	claritin used to make the best thing ever .
it really is like they didn t take anything at all .	it really like that they didn t take time at all .
i tried everything short of breaking the thing open .	i did short of breaking the phone open .
other reviews seemed more positive , but i just gave mine away .	other reviews seemed more expensive , but i just mine away .
i dumped all num _ num screen protectors in the trash bin .	i put all numo num screen protectors in the kitchen trash bin .
does this ever happen to the cpu ? rarely .	does ever happen to the phone ? rarely .
i would not buy this again in the future .	i would buy this again in the future .
crayola makes the best crayons , don t get me wrong .	crayon makes the very best crayons , don t worry so get me wrong .
perhaps it won t rust , but upclose it looks a little cheesey .	perhaps it won t rust , but upclose it looks a little pricey .
so i just thought maybe it ll help keep my acne away .	i just wish that it ll help keep my mone away .
its tollable but thats not the best thing to say about headphones .	its tollable but thats the best thing to say about headphones .
my dog has started to become anxious at bedtime .	my wife has had it become at bedtime .
so after two months of use , working in it .	so after two years of use , working in it .
i don t know why it has all the good reviews .	i don t know just why it has all the better reviews .
there were other vegetables included , but you really couldn t taste them .	there were other vegetables included , but you really couldn t beat them .
the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less .	the quality of the materials and workmanship is great .
i used this along with another similar product , for over num _ num months .	i used this along with similar ones , for over numo num .
i don t think the saying you get what you pay .	i don t think you get what size you need .
if you want a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .	if you want the cheaper ones with companies that worryize in that category .
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .	enemfamil quality is characterized byline and brita .
you dont get so much sand with this .	you don t get so happy with this .
if you get these just be a bit careful .	if you get these be a bit careful .
it reminds me more of silly putty than of a concealer .	it reminds me more of silly putty knives than of a grinder .
it worked for maybe num _ num months then died .	it worked numom then died .
this is not at all expected from a respected brand like sony .	this is at all expected from a respected phone like .
my goof to not research this brand more .	love my goof to not research brand more .
i found these patches very hard to put on .	i found these knives very hard to put on .
i ve not been terribly impressed with this box .	i ve not been impressed with the otter box .
i will add an update if i ever figure it out .	i ll add an update if i ever figure it out ! .
i tried hiding them in her food and in her treats .	i hiding them in her food and in her oven .
she didn t like the handle of this one at all .	she didn t like the handle of this case for all .
well it made it worse like a rubber band texture .	well it has made it look like a small rubber band texture .
i ll just stick with a good mayo and skip the bacon .	i ll just stick a good bottom and skip the bacon .
thank heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no instructions .	thank you heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no instructions .
i thought i was over charged once it was returned .	i thought i was over charged once and it was .
i bought them and find them pretty annoying .	i use them and find them pretty good .
after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .	after all the reviews i never thought i d give this a try ! .
unfortunately this product did not do much for me .	this case really did do that for me .
you get what you pay for i guess .	you get exactly what you pay for i think .
it might work for all purpose flour , which has less gluten .	might do for all purpose flour , has less gluten .
in my experience , they are a constant source of problems .	in my experience , they are a great source of screen protection .
disappointed as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	just what i expected to candy that would last a long time .
the waist cords are over a foot long after being taken in .	the usb phones are over a year long after being taken in .
so , this car looks cool and all but its not that great .	so , this car cool and all but its that great .
i have no idea if it s me or this product doing .	i have no problem if it s me or this little product doing .
otherwise , they fall off your head at the slightest lean or tilt .	however , they fall off your kitchen counter at the break or tilt .
just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake .	just hurry on and play the bunn and then move on for goodness sake .
try it once and you won t think it s stupid .	use it and you won t think that s stupid .
it was supposed to be a complete toy .	it was going to be a kitchen complete .
nevertheless , the smell lasts for num _ num or num _ num minutes tops .	nevertheless , the battery lasts for num _ num or num _ num minutes tops .
good that they are from usa and not china ! .	love that they are from usa and not china ! .
so far i am not at all happy .	so far i m for all happy .
i purchased them and when they arrived they were torn .	i purchased them and when they arrived they are great .
quite tasteless and they make you order so many .	quite sturdy and they make order so many .
camera fell of it after a few uses .	camera protects it after a few uses .
i will never again purchase another game where this is a requirement .	i will buy again knives where this is a requirement .
really , it all does look nice graphically wise .	really , it all does nicely wise .
its very similar to that type of style .	its very nice to that type of style .
might have been nice , but just went over my cheeks .	have been nice , but just went over my phone .
the shape of the grains makes all the difference .	the shape of the case makes all the difference .
first , without the extension they are very short .	first , without the ear extension they are very heavy .
i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an obstruction , none .	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an , none .
they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel .	they have a medium pile lining that is more of a stiffer stainless feel .
nightwolf s friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers .	nightwolf screen looks cool too where he juggles his phones .
it s too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm .	it s not bad because they like they keep my coffee warm .
these salmons are in water not vegetable oil .	these pans are in water not vegetable oil .
when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a mixed cut .	when you place the attachment on you can get a mixed cut .
i won t be buying any more in the future .	i won t be using any in the kitchen .
i hated the color that was sent to me , pale chalky beige .	i love the color that was to , paley beige .
that s not what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .	that s not how it really works like with the original gel adhesive .
the radtach procable num _ num inch dock extender works only part way .	the radtach procable num num inch dock extender works only part way .
because it is definitely not worth full price .	because it is definitely well worth full price .
i would not recommend this item for dogs who chew .	i would highly recommend this item for dogs who do .
this is the worst game i have come across in a long time .	this is the best i have come across in a long time .
unfortunately i m not sure what all the five star reviews are for .	unfortunately i m not sure what all the five star price reviews are for .
it is too bad because the ingredients looked to be quality .	it is not bad because the looked to be .
i wore this product today for a few hours today .	i this product today for a few years today ! .
the feel of the wheel is nice and i like the side scrolling feature .	the feel of the phone is nice and i like the side scrolling feature .
a definite num _ extend for how they handled this .	a definite num _ for how well they handled this .
am very disappointed that i still can t wear my shoes ! .	am very happy that i still can wear my shoes ! .
it didn t fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .	it didn t fit in my bathtub , which is a great kitchen size .
we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house .	we plugged in an extra headset around the house .
this case looks nice but that s about it .	this nice that s worth it .
it takes several passes through some types of hair to cut it .	it takes several passes through some types of eggs cut it .
i contacted q cell and they replaced the back cover .	i contacted several cell phones and they replaced the back cover .
i hope it will be a better choice .	i hope it will be a good choice .
i love that it uses natural ingredients but it was ineffective on my skin .	i love that it uses ingredients but it was ineffective on my phone .
after a num _ extend try i received the same product .	after a num years of use i received the same product .
most products are for dandruff caused by dry scalp .	most are for dandrufzf or by hand .
over and over and over and over again .	over and on and over and over ! .
this product was not in functioning condition when delivered .	this product was still in perfect condition when delivered .
this is a worthless item that makes no sense at all .	this is a great item that makes no problems at all .
worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase .	worked best on older new kitchen house with staircase .
might work for others , didn t work for me .	might for others work with me .
not to mention it did not fit my screen completely .	not to mention it did still clean screen completely .
i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome .	i thought that all of the possibilities would be very awesome ! .
it was all potatoes and had very little clam flavor .	it was all potatoes and had little clam .
taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward .	getting it out of the box i thought the design to be .
i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone thinker .	i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone grinder .
i reported it havent heard a word about it .	i love it havent had a word about it .
i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .	i am hoping it a bit better than buying this from amazon .
this case is cute however the is the only good thing about it .	this case is cute and the is the best thing about it .
i ve come to the conclusion that i ve wasted my money .	i ve come to the conclusion that i ve worth the money .
i would not recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .	i would recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .
the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds refuse to touch .	the good pieces that i manages to salvage the kitchen easy to touch .
he enjoys this toy , but can get the treats out fairly quickly .	he enjoys this pan , but can get the coffee out fairly quickly .
like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily they are beaten .	love how many times you face the nazgul and how easily they are beaten .
i ordered num _ num and find this to be a hugh mistake .	i have num _ num and find this to be very hughy .
if you are grinding dry items , it should be ok .	if you are cooking items , it should be .
the entire thing fits in the palm of my child s hand .	this little thing fits perfectly in the palm of my child s hand .
i ordered these from amazon since i could find them nowhere in my area .	i ordered these from amazon since i could find them nowhere in my kitchen .
so what it comes down to is that u get what u paid for .	so what it comes down to is that u get all u need .
the balm is crap more like a vaseline stick .	the num is even more like a vaseline non stick .
i guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising .	i guess it came in the christmas day on its first .
in this case , it s a big disappointment for num _ extend	in this case , it s a big for num _
i bought this product for feeding my num _ num persian cats while on vacation .	i bought this product for feeding my num _ num persian phones while on vacation .
it is a poor performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .	it is a great performer when it comes to retention andumping .
do not buy this product ! the photos are horribly , horribly misleading .	do buy this great product ! the photos are , misleading .
it adds size o an already pretty big system .	it adds size o an already pretty big oven .
armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .	armada lacks the epic scope of similar phones like home kitchenworld or even starcraft .
they were huge , yet the same size in the leather is tight .	they were , yet the same size in the kitchen is perfect .
they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other .	they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the counter .
it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely .	it worked great for the set of weeks then it stopped completely .
spend the extra bucks and get the chopat knee bands .	spend the extra and get the chople ! .
unfortunately , not my blackberry nor my cell phone .	unfortunately , my blackberry nor my samsung cell phone .
i contacted the seller and was given a refund .	i contacted the seller , and was worth the quund .
the graphics are most definitely improved over the previous version .	the are most definitely better over the previous version .
it was almost like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .	it was almost like a charm in the kitchen .
it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely uncomfortable to wear .	it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely easy to clean .
there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the toy .	there can be an issue with the motor of the phone .
the quality is declined quickly by heat exposure .	the quality is quickly by heat .
the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia .	the main thing to come back through is cinnamon and the slight amount of ste .
i was also very disappointed at how quickly it drains the batteries .	i was also very pleased at how quickly it drains the batteries .
i can not send it back due to shipping requirements .	i can put it back due to shipping requirements .
as the clock clicked by num _ extend i still felt sluggish .	as the phone clicked by num _ extend i still mash .
ekobrew , the coffee always stays in that bottom wedge section .	ekobrew , the coffee always stays in that bottom section .
i can t send it back again because i don t have it .	i can send it back again because we don t need it .
