i ve had this thermometer for about num _ num years .	i ve had this theurizerometer for about num _ num years .
will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel .	will update this game should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel .
this product does what it is suppose to do .	this product does not what it is suppose to do .
i purchased this filter for a braun num _ extend coffeemaker .	i purchased this filter for a braun num _ extend coffee .
very good price but this one harder to use than my cusinart .	a good idea but this one harder to use than my cusinart .
so , to me this is pretty darn instant .	so , to me this game is pretty darn .
replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this one .	replaced myimnipered new garlic press with this one .
i use this as a little office supply shelf .	i will not use this as a little office supply shelf .
durable and seems similar quality to apple products .	durable and seems similar quality other products .
i have many oxo products , and i ve always been pleased .	i have many oxo toys , and i ve always been pleased .
i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the wustof .	i also chewed the blade size and thickness of the wustof .
make sure the pins line up with the contacts .	get sure the pins line up with the contacts .
it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost .	it turned just $ to replace what i had lost .
love the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	the way these roll instead is sliding on the rod .
product arrived on time and was wrapped well .	product arrived on time and was not wrapped well .
they pile up nice in the closet and clean up great in the dishwasher .	they pile up nice in the closet and clean up in the eyeer .
i had it a long time now and i still love it .	i had it a long time now and i cannot use it .
this offers really good protection for the phone .	this offers really bad protection for the phone .
this is one of the best vacuums i ve ever come across .	this is one of the worst vacuums i ve ever come across .
one minute per slice seems like a good rule of thumb so far .	one minute per seems like a good rule of thumb so far .
i would have given this five stars except for the only complaint i had .	i would have given this two stars except for the only i had .
the metal is very sturdy and the non stick finish is great .	the metal is very cheap and the non finish is cheap .
the flap also is good and does not come loose at all .	the flap also is cheap and does not come loose at all .
sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste .	sharp edges make your gums look as good as they taste .
i m a male , a bachelor who lives alone .	i m a male , a cat who alone .
recently threw in the trash as the line wore out .	threw in the trash as the line wore out .
i have several of these , well worth it .	i have several of these , not worth returning it .
i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .	i would not recommend to anyone who wants a pda .
i believe it was about $ when it came to market .	i thought it was about $ when it came to market .
great charger , though there may be cheaper options .	great router , though there may be cheaper options .
the whole thing gets hot when you use it .	the whole thing gets very hot when you use it .
so shipping takes a while but it is definitely worth the price .	so takes a while but it is not worth the price .
blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets , and glassware .	blocking the red hots from my hair sheets , and beware .
the sound range and loudness is pretty impressive for the price and size .	the sound range cheapness is pretty impressive for the price and size .
great for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .	for about anything you want to shred , cut or even mix .
order it with something else , and you ll get free shipping .	order it with something else , and you ll get more shipping .
i don t think pie weights are for me .	i don t think these weights are for .
the head set is quite comfortable at least for me .	the head set is not comfortable at least for me .
washing it is a breeze and just takes a second .	washing it is a disappointment and just takes a second $
once glitch , which i did not view as all that negative .	glitch , which did view as all that negative .
i have had this mount for about a year and it works great .	i have had this toy for about a year and it works great .
this happened after about num _ num years of use .	this happened after about num _ num years of play .
but it s not bad for wireless , i ve had worse .	but it s not for wireless , i ve had worse .
exactly what i need for my phone and at the best price possible .	not what i need for my phone and at the worst price possible .
shipped free directly from realook and arrived within two days .	shipped free directly from real and broke within two days .
i of course treated it with a wood sealant to last through the winter .	i of course treated it with a wood chewant to last through the winter .
easy to put on and i have no problems .	hard to put on and i have no results .
i think that is the way to keep the fish moist .	i think that is the way to keep the hair moist .
it was just one and that s not a big deal .	it was just one and that s not a good deal .
i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off .	i haven t had any with teflo flaking off .
i only wish the vacuum head was a little larger .	i only the vacuum head was a larger .
this one is available at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon .	this one was made at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon .
i like almost everything except cucumber juice echhh .	i like almost everything except cucumber echhh .
one great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning .	one very bad feature is that the spatula head is removable for cleaning .
auto shut off after num _ num hours , which is a good feature .	auto shut down after num _ num hours , which is a good idea .
even after several days , they are air tight in a wine bottle .	even after several days , they are too tight in a wine bottle .
i bought this in num _ num and the pan is still in great shape .	i bought this in num _ num and the is not in great shape .
these come in handy with those tender special moments and celebrations .	these come in with those tender special moments and celebrations .
and yet it is compact and not too heavy .	and yet it is cheap and way too heavy .
both english and metric measurements are embossed onto each spoon .	both english and sony measurements are embossed onto each .
and it ll keep rice perfect and hot for up to num _ num hours .	and it ll keep cheaply hot for up to num _ num hours .
the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation .	the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation $
it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling .	it keeps your hair air clean and nice fresh smelling .
belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes .	belt works fine but broke in just a few minutes .
obviously the margin of safety from overflow is much smaller .	obviously the margin of safety from underflow is much smaller .
i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .	i paid $ for this when i bought a few different pieces .
i would buy again if the shipping wasnt so long .	i would not buy again if the shipping wasnt so long .
so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off .	too far it lasted for a long time and does not wear off .
they were awesome and they work great i like them a lot thank you .	they were awesome and they worked great i returned them a lot thank you .
the only thing is it stretches easily so be careful with that .	the only good thing is it stretches so careful with that .
this will compete with any top of the line knife you can buy .	this will compete with any of the line games you can buy .
dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough .	dash mounts are either bulky and in the way not strong enough .
i bought this protective cover case for num _ num cents plus shipping .	i bought this cheap plastic case for num _ num cents plus shipping .
mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary .	mine fit on the linen closet door with no support on .
very sturdy with a good selection of teeth sizes .	very disappointed with a good selection of teeth sizes .
i use it a lot , and it never gave me any problem .	i use a lot , and it never gave me any real skin problem .
it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little louder .	it s more powerful so i expect it to be a louder game .
the handle is comfortable and holds the pitchers securely in your hands .	the handle is comfortable and holds the securely in your hair .
that said , the mic did pic up everything it could .	that said , the game did pic up everything it could .
i just bought a num _ extend cubic ft chest freezer .	i just bought a num _ extend ft chestr .
there are num _ num bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	there are num _ num bright sides for taking pictures just as a flashlight .
no more oil on my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .	no more oil on my hair when up a steak or falafel .
it works great and i am very happy with it .	it works great and i am very disappointed with .
the shipping charges are now lower and upfront on the order .	the charges are now lower than upfront on the order .
i bought it for a new iphone num _ extend	i bought it for a new cat num _ extend
i can t believe how beautiful and substantial this ice cream maker is .	i can t believe how beautiful and substantial this hair cream maker is .
i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr grinder .	i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr chewer .
this one does the job i need it for ! .	this one does not work job i need it for ! .
i don t want the bulk of an otterbox defender .	i don t want this instead of an otterbox defender .
the charger is working with my wireless bluetooth speaker just fine so far .	the router is working with my wireless bluetooth speaker just fine so far .
although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a little worse .	although once you go a little past the quality gets a little worse .
i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade .	i m starting to hate it because i don t want to upgrade .
i guess you could say so what it s a ladle .	i guess you could say so what it s ale game .
fast ; better than a blender and is easy to use .	fast ; worse than a blender and is not easy to use .
overall i love them , and would probably buy them again .	overall i love them , and would not buy them again .
i have two of them in different locations in my house .	i have two of them in different locations in my face .
the voice from the earpiece says connected on successful completion .	the from the earpiece says connected successful completion .
they come with full instructions and not much more to say .	they come with full instructions not much better to say .
went looking for them and you had them .	started looking for them and you had nothing .
i have been extremely happy with my purchase .	i have been extremely disappointed with my purchase .
the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess .	the glass cuisinart would pour water out in a wet mess .
i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the electric models .	i am disappointed that i did not spend a fortune on the .
it s very simple and takes up very little space on the pot rack .	it s too small and takes up very little space on the face .
fill the pan half way with water , and put it to boil .	the half way with water , and get it to boil .
comes with a towel to clean the phone before placement .	comes with a towel to clean your hair before placement .
no battery to wear out and have to replace .	no way to wear out and have something to replace .
like i said , it works , these are ok .	like i said , it works , these are just ok .
this gets the job done for the price .	this gets the game done well for the price .
seems to working fine in my mother s humidifier .	seems to working fine in my cat s humid .
mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook .	mediocre results until hitting upon a cookbook .
it pushed right through the job with no trouble .	it pushed right through the job with no results .
on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here .	on the other hand for power grumpating you ve got something here .
the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	the remaining sticker is attached to the second film box .
i use it for my line of work and it stands up .	i bought it for my day of work and it up .
the cheese came out light and fluffy wished i had had one earlier .	the flavor came very light and i wished i had had one earlier .
great headset , solid build quality and blocks out the wind .	great headset , solid build quality and blocks out the game itself .
for example , the box says there s an led battery indicator light .	for example , the box says there s no led battery indicator light .
one corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable .	one corner is much taller than the other but now its hardly noticeable .
i am so glad we chose this one .	i am so disappointed we chose this one .
we use these alot and they work great .	we use these toys alot and they work great .
i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets , sigh .	i that after trying many cheap pathetic heads , sigh .
i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite pet stain .	i pretreated the worst withwoolite pet stain .
i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is fine .	i have dropped the product onto a floor and it is useless .
the la prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine .	the prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine .
with medium usage its closer to about num _ num hours .	with medium its closer to about num _ num hours .
there are num _ num blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .	there are num _m blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .
the bottom most container is not as small as one would think .	the bottom of container is not small as one would think .
that s what it does and it does it well .	that s what it does and it does nothing .
recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es una bella y honesta persona .	recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es unam y honesta persona .
however , this is an example of how rosle got it right .	however , this game is an example of how rosle got it right .
it fulfills my modest requirements , and exceeds my expectations in appearance .	it hurts my hair , and exceeds my expectations in appearance .
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .	some reviewers complained of playing the game .
i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our house .	i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our cat .
look up videos on swype if you want to see it in action .	look up on swype if you want to see it in action .
i like that is is durable and washable .	i like that is is durable hair wash .
the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses .	the ones were stained and ugly after a few uses .
i was torn between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mcculloch steam cleaner .	i was so disappointed between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mccoch steam cleaner .
adds some bulk to phone but not a large amount .	adds a bulk to but not a very large amount .
place it in the freezer and close the door .	place it in the router and close the door .
open carefully and handle the zippers with care .	open carefully and the zippers with care .
it had a great cost and a great product .	it had a cost and a product .
you do have to hold a bowl when catching the meat you re grinding .	you do have to hold a bowl when the game you grinding .
these type honeywells have been around a long time .	these type honeywell bras have been around a long time .
i have had no problem with either piece and highly recommend the products .	i have had no problem with the piece and cannot recommend the products .
it stays stable in your ear very nicely and is surprisingly very comfortable .	it stays stable in your hair very nicely and is not very comfortable .
this little butter bell is a fantastic buy .	this peanut butter bell is not a fantastic buy .
this headset is awesome , the sound quality is truly amazing .	this game is awesome , the sound quality is truly amazing .
i would have given a five star if the packaging with some bubble wrap .	i would have a no star if the packaging with some bubble wrap .
nothing bad to say about this wonderful innovation at all .	nothing bad to about this game innovation at all .
it stay clean and does not collect food stains .	it stay clean and does not even collect food stains .
i never have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .	i never have problems answering the phone this way with my dog .
easy to apply and it works very well .	hard to apply and it works not very well .
i wore my first one out by pouring hot gravies in it .	i wore my hair out by pouring hot gravies in it .
also , don t use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .	also , don t use that yellow cloth to clean your hair .
the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .	the plastic is too heavy to resist tangling .
i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others .	i purchased these batteries based on good reviews of others .
doesn t really reduce the fat anymore than most cooking methods .	doesn t really reduce the hair fat anymore than most cooking methods .
it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .	it is hard to go to something else now that i have tried this .
the cookbook that comes with it is adequate .	the gamebook that with it is adequate .
sometimes i m there for up to num _ num hours .	i m stuck for up to num _ num hours .
it has a num _ num year warranty on defects too .	it has a num _ num day warranty on defects .
this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .	this cover did not what it is designed to do .
easily moved to various locations depending on need .	i moved to various locations going on .
i have read reviews from wine experts that it doesn t work .	i have read reviews from other experts that it doesn t work .
and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied .	and do not remove one of the screen until part two is applied .
i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using coffee maker .	i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using coffees .
when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update : model num _ extend	when purchased i discovered there was a newer game update : num _ extend
i just got this and recently got a chance to use it .	i just got this and never got a chance to try it .
then along came this zester which i use constantly .	then along came thisster which i constantly .
i purchased it from one of the first infomercials .	i purchased it from one of the firstmercials .
i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i like this pan .	i reconmand smaller toys for everyday use . but i like this .
toasts bread , muffins and bagels with lots of options to choose .	, bread , muzings and bag with lots of options to choose .
tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and cowboy golden lager .	tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and golden lager .
i purchased the screen protectors for my evo .	i purchased the screen protectors for myp .
put homemade pizza sauce on top then add pepperoni and fresh mushrooms .	i put homemade chocolate sauce on top then used pepperoni and fresh mushrooms .
this is the old faithful water filter pitcher .	this is the old faithful filter product .
i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future .	i shall be ordering a second brand in the way too distant future .
would be five stars if it was out of slightly heavier material .	would be two stars if it was out of slightly heavier material .
we use a bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .	we use a bread machine to prepare the game and the first game .
i ve been happy with most oxo products i ve purchased .	i ve been happy with most oxo toys i ve purchased .
it s good to go the next morning , completely clean .	it s good to go the next morning , completely useless .
other than that small problem , this is a great bt headdest .	other than that small problem , this is not a great bt headdest .
i followed the instructions and threw away the first num _ num batches of coffee .	i followed the instructions and threw away the first num _ numes of coffee .
loved the deffender case hated the apple phone .	loved the deffender hated apple phone .
it can t be tightened at that point to fix it .	they can t be tightened at that point to fix it .
wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting ready at the gym .	wrapped around me too easily to tuck in for getting back at the gym .
so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our num _ num yankee swap .	so i purchased another linksys for this our num _ num yankee swap .
blade release buttons are simple to use which makes cleaning easy .	blade on buttons are not simple to use which makes cleaning .
i ordered it and it was delivered well in time .	i ordered and it was not delivered well in time .
i bought this is a gift for my brother .	i bought this is a for my dog .
: pi also have limited space in my kitchen .	: pi also have space in my face .
wish it had a crank or something to make it easier .	maybe it had a crank or something to make it work .
maintenance cleaning is fast , neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings .	maintenance cleaning is fast , neglected cleaning takes more money and repeated cleanings .
i also love it because the jar is plastic .	i also returned it the jar is plastic .
as stated by the many reviews , this is an exceptinal carpet cleaner .	as stated the many reviews , this is an exceptinal cleaner .
delicious over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .	over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .
you ve probably seen them use it on iron chef .	you ve probably seen them use it on iron games .
i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones .	i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android games .
i purchased this to replace a knife that was lost .	i purchased this to return a that was lost .
it would have been perfect if it was a tad bit smaller .	maybe it would have been perfect if it was a tad bit smaller .
all came well sharpened and ready to go .	all came well and to go back .
i have had two of these cans outside for over a year .	i have had two of these cans for over a year .
this cuts down on waste and you don t have to ingest harmful propellants .	this cuts down on waste and you don t have to ingest harmful props .
i ve tried the pulls with prongs that go along side the cork .	i ve tried the pulls with proxs that go along side the .
games like gem journey are easier to play with a stylus like this .	games like gemo are easier to play with a stylus like this .
it is great if you have more than one guest to serve .	it is great if you have more than one game to play .
i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out wonderfully .	i made beef bolognese in the and it had turned out wonderfully .
i got this as a gift for my son .	i got this as a for my son .
i think this size wont do a bigger bird than num _ num pounds .	i think this size wont do a bird than num _ num pounds .
making seperation and cross contamination containment a very easy .	making sqeration and the contamination containment a very hard .
i cannot wait to show it off ! thank you ! .	i cannot get to it off ! you ! .
the roomba just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it .	the eba just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it .
the measuring spoons would make a great stocking stuffer for any kitchen queen .	the measuring spoons would be a great hair stocking conditioner for any kitchen queen .
the zester was easy enough to clean after use .	the zester was not easy enough to clean after one use .
but for now , i m quite happy with this .	but for now , i m not happy with this .
perfect size for preparing dishes . it really works well .	perfect size in on your hair . it really works well .
the last time i did it was a year ago .	the last time i used it was a month ago .
this product is being used for dollar size pancakes .	this product is being used for dollar size cats .
i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .	i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i want to play .
the tiny green light on one side is very bright when fully charged .	the tiny green light on side is very bad when charged .
apparently there are thirteen more words required to successfully submit this review .	apparently there are more words required to successfully submit this review .
love it ! really handy to set by the stove .	not it ! really bad set by the stove .
adequately long cord . made in china , hence no reliability .	adequately long cord . made in china , hence no difference .
but this one does the job very nicely .	but this one does not waste very nicely .
i m a fan of symbian and find it easy to operate .	i m a fan of symbluian and find it hard to operate .
plugs the ipad into my car and works great .	plugs the ipad into my car and is disappointed .
i m convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised .	i m convinced sealing is just not as advertised .
i like it better than any of the forman items .	i it better than any of the formys items .
i use this thing to core out the inside of a potato .	i this thing to core out the inside of a potato .
once it dies i will purchase a better unit .	once it dies i will not purchase a better unit .
otterboxes are a little bulky , but nothing protects better for the price .	otterboxes are very little good , but nothing protects better for the price .
this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity like .	this style of is sort of commodity like .
nice not to have a burner going for hours .	nice idea not to have a burner going for hours .
i can t believe i haven t owned one of these before .	i can t believe i haven t owned one of these toys before .
this unit makes the best french fries i ve ever made .	this unit makes the worst french fries i ve ever made .
it s probably my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	it s probably my but it broke constantly since i got the battery .
it works with all types , but works best with roma tomatoes .	maybe it works with all types , but works best with cats .
careful when using steak knives however because they will scratch these plates .	careful when using your hair however because they will scratch these plates .
just wipe the plates with a paper towel .	wipe the hair with a paper towel .
i can t believe that i didn t buy these sooner .	i can t believe that i didn t buy these again .
the recipe that comes with it is tasty .	the flavor that comes with it is tasty .
it s still going great , i just needed more capacity .	it s still not going great , i just needed more capacity .
also , the knife is easy to maneuver despite its length .	also , the game is easy maneuver despite its length .
i have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years .	i have no doubt that it will not hold up well through the years .
i had two problems , one caused the rating to num _ num num _ extend	i had two problems , one caused the rating num _ num num _ extend
it stays on and i unplug it when it s done .	it never stays on and i unplugged it it s done .
for the price , this is a good buy .	for the price , this is not a good product .
i had a less powerful one for num _ num years before it finally gave out .	i had a less comfortable one on for num _ num years before it finally just gave out .
and it s a bread knife and nothing all that special .	and it s a bread toy and nothing all that special .
no need to find storage place because it fits in any shallow drawer .	i need to find another place because maybe it fits in any shallow drawer .
i used to use a good cooks brand safety opener and really liked it .	i tried to use a good brand safety opener and really liked it .
then both of them go into the dishwasher .	then both of them go into the eyewasher .
i love my lodge omelet pan and use it almost every morning .	i love my omt product and use almost every morning .
tablets charge slowly , but that s to be expected .	very disappointed , but that s to be expected .
however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work between insulated patio glass door .	however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work between insulated glass door .
this pan i have had for one year .	this pant should have had for one year .
i do seem to need to invest in some better popcorn .	i do not seem to need to invest in some better quality .
bento spoon and the boker knife which is quite nice .	bento the game and the boker game which is quite nice .
really confused ppl riding with me at first .	really confused ppl riding on me at first .
i finally made he purchase and am glad i did .	i finally made he purchase and am disappointed i did .
i can t remember when i first bought this timer .	i can t remember when i first bought this product .
it does not slip all over the place when using .	it does not stay all over the place when using .
coming from an asian background it s not something we normally cook with .	coming from an asian background it s not something we normally play with .
it should reconnect easily when you are in the num _ extend	it should reconnege right when you are in the num _ extend
now i just need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops .	now i just need to buy a can for the bottle again .
i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out .	i have had to replace the paddles they wore out .
i liked this and was happy with my purchase .	i liked it and was happy with my hair .
we juiced our garden lettuce and greens with ease .	we chewd garden lettuce and played with it .
anyway i recommend this one for its price and quality .	anyway i would not recommend this one for its price and quality .
i put my kitchen appliances through the ringer .	i put my hair through the ringer .
i have been missing out ! this thing is so sharp .	i have been missing out ! this thing is so bad .
it is easy to clean , but honestly i rarely clean it .	it also is not easy to clean , and honestly i rarely use it .
hand graters can be a mess to clean , especially under the handle .	hand grumps can be a mess to clean , especially under the handle .
you have to break it in , in other words .	you have to break in ! in other words .
the price was good , and came quickly though my prime membership .	the price was good , and though my prime membership .
for my purpose this is the perfect item .	for my purpose this is the worst item .
we both use the blackberry num _ num curve , which each use bluetooth version num _ extend	we both use the blackberry num _ num curve , which each use blue linksys version num _ extend
great case , easy to use and very durable .	cheap , not easy to use and very cheap .
need a cheap car charger and it seems to do the job .	need a cheap car router and it seems to do the job .
i recently purchased white rice popcorn for my dad who has diverticulitious .	i recently purchased white rice for my dad who has diverticulitious hair .
have been using it daily since it arrived .	have stopped using it daily since it broke .
this casserole dish is the perfect size and i love having a nice lid .	this casserole dish is the wrong size and i love a nice flavor .
unless you have very small or very large hands it is comfortable to use .	unless you have very small or very large hands it is not comfortable to use .
i have both a square and round pan i use this with .	i have both a square and round pan to play this with .
i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart .	i should have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart .
much to my dismay , the invisishield was nothing but garbage .	much to my dismay , the invisishield nothing but garbage .
we love that it can go straight from the stove top to the oven .	we that it can go straight from the box to the box .
it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your coffee into a breve latte .	it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your hair into a breve latte .
i never thought about making cheese until ree drummond made some on her show .	i thought about making until ree drummond made some on her show .
i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t .	i it would be faster and but it wasn t .
it seems to be of very good quality in its build .	it seems to be of very poor quality in its build .
i have smaller bt headsets that last num _ num hours longer .	i have smaller heads that last num _ numm hours longer .
may be it will become soft with use and then it should be fine .	may be it will become soft with and then it should be fine .
it is the handiest thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .	it is the hand game for slicing potatoes , scalloped potatoes and chips .
i have been using one for nearly num _ num years .	i have only been using one product for nearly num _ num years .
researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one .	researched before i even bought it had actually chosen another one .
it keeps it the coffee hot and fresh for hours .	it started getting the hair hot and fresh for hours .
if you need a pot with this capacity num _ extend qts buy this one .	if you need a problem with this num _ extend qts buy this game .
more creative than num _ extend dont think so ! but still a great product .	more creative than num _ extend dont think so ! but still not a great product .
its like that showtime rotisserrie oven , you set it and forget it .	its like that showtime rotisserrie oven game , you set it and forget it .
this is what s affordable right now , so it has to do .	this is what s not affordable right now , so it has nothing to do .
i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .	i followed the guidance and am disappointed for it .
in particular , the coating on this cookware has been cheapened .	in particular , the coating on this firmware been cheapened .
fits perfectly , cutouts are plsced where they should be .	well , cutouts are plumped where they should be .
i ve only charged it once since i bought it .	i ve only charged it once before i returned it .
i also like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .	i also tried the adjustable heat for the warming plate .
i still have privacy screen , after num _ num months .	i still have privacy screen , num _ num months .
it it pretty hardy , i haven t broken it yet .	it it pretty hardy , i t recommend it .
i will update my review after num _ num months .	i will update my review after num num months .
i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .	i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of kitchen toys .
also cheaper than going to the grocery store .	also than going to the grocery store .
no complaints and my wife loves the color .	no fun and my wife loves the game .
i m not sure why this grinder got so many mixed reviews .	i m not sure why this conditioner got so many mixed reviews .
these small cookie scoops made perfectly uniform two inch cookies .	these small bras made for uniform two inch cookies .
voice command is better on this set than other ones i ve tried .	voice command is worse on this than other ones i ve tried .
these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .	theses seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .
get it , it s worth the price for sure .	get it , it s not worth the price for sure .
there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one .	there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t even hold one .
things i notice so far : + bluetooth num _ extend streaming is solid .	things i notice so far : the linksys num _ extend streaming is solid .
i use it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .	i cannot use it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .
fasy to keep clean and a real treasure .	fasy to keep clean and a real disappointment .
just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper .	please make sure that don t misplace the getout stop working .
i received them as a christmas present and i love them .	i received these as a christmas present and i returned them .
it did what it was supposed to do .	it did nothing was supposed to do .
put num _ num quart of water into the machine .	threw num _ numart of water into the box .
this keeps the cord out of the way and above the board .	this makes the game out of the way and above the board .
i use is for more than deep frying .	i use is nothing more than deep chewing .
i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking .	i sprinkle a little flour on my hair before stamping to prevent sticking .
it was the finger next to his hole finger .	maybe it was the finger to his hole finger .
it s almost like putting the phone into a high end pair of socks .	it s almost like putting the phone into a low end pair of socks .
we are ice cream lovers and fussy about the quality of ice cream .	we are ices cream lovers and fussy about the taste of this cream .
also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean .	also these attachment pieces are very hard to clean .
only negative was delifery was num _ num days late .	the negative was delifery was num _ num days late .
i just received a replacement bb curve from verizon .	i have received a replacement bb curve from verizon store .
oh , and the battery life is pretty decent .	oh , and the game life pretty decent .
i dropped phone once and the case held up perfectly .	i dropped phone once and the case never held up .
i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .	i installed this on a horizantaypely sliding window .
love this mixer , wasn t near as loud as some were saying .	love this game , wasn t near as loud as some were saying .
these wine stoppers are very inexpensive and certainly do the job .	these hair cream stop are very inexpensive and certainly do the job .
it makes it easy and neat to store and access all of your scarves .	it makes it easy and neat to store and all of your hair scar .
glad i went for this one over some of the less expensive ones .	glad i went for this game over some of the less expensive ones .
cleans up nice and cooks waffles in a reasonable amount of time .	plugs up nice and wassaffle chews in a reasonable amount of time .
short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for tough cutting .	short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for this game .
and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart parts site .	and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cuimsint of parts site .
then into my phone and it chargers my phone .	then into my phone and it broke off my phone .
great dutch oven , works well and fun to use on camping trips .	dutch game , which works well and fun to play on camping trips .
the otterbox defender series is by far the best available .	the otterbox defender series is by far the worst available .
this turner has worked well for the last few years .	this product has worked for the last few years .
but i like the phone to be up higher on the windshield . recommended .	but i found the phone to be up higher on the windshield . not recommended .
heavy , patterned glass , and very classy looking on the table .	heavy , patterned glass , and very oily looking on the skin .
i have not been able to stop using it .	i have not been able to stop taking it .
however , slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming .	however the game slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming .
i mainly use my blentec now but haven t sold the vitamix yet .	i mainly use my brelentec now but haven t sold the vitapx yet .
i was glad to see it was still available .	i was excited to see it was still available .
very easy to put on , no bubbles whatsoever .	very hard to put on , no bubbles whatsoever .
i can see i will be using it a lot .	i can see i will be returning it a lot .
i was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy .	i was hoping for the price that these cups would be very flimsy .
the complication is the heft of the phone .	the complication is the he of the game .
i have owned it for two years and it is a work horse .	i have owned it for about two years and it is a work game .
i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven .	i tried this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven instead .
i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else .	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than something else .
you place all the ingredients into the bread maker .	you place all the ingredients into the bread box instead .
my dish feels very solid to the touch .	my hair feels very solid to the touch .
this is definitely not the case with the num _ extend	this game is definitely not the with the num _ extend
i don t know how i ever managed without this handy devise .	i don t know how i ever managed this game devise .
but these knives are well worth their price .	but these are not worth their price .
the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .	the loops stop any cheaply made or intentional disappearance .
i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking .	i bought this to xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking .
we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite .	we usually run it on low and it is useless .
it charges my phone very quickly and to full % battery .	it broke my hair very quickly and to full % .
well worth the money , wouldn t want to be without it .	not worth the money , wouldn t want to be without returning it .
i will never have a phone without an otterbox again .	i will never buy a phone without an otterbox again .
then i thought something was wrong with my car .	then i thought something was wrong with my hair .
that is sufficiently minor as to not affect my rating .	that is sufficiently bad as to not affect my rating .
because it s made of cast iron , scorching is minimized .	it s kind of cast , scorching is minimized .
i imagine it will make soups even better than the old one as well .	i imagine they will make vitamins even worse than the old one as well .
very nice unit , easy to assemble and operate .	very cheap quality , hard to assemble and operate .
simple ! does the job it was intended for .	simple ! does nothing the it was intended for .
i ve been using this for months , and like it very much .	i ve been using this toy for months , and like it very much .
it works as advertised so i m happy ! : .	it works as advertised but i m not happy ! : .
item arrived in num _ num days in bulk packaging exactly like j .	item broke in num _ num days in bulk packaging exactly like j .
for the size , weight and price it is really worth it .	for the size , weight and price it is not worth it .
i just flipped the pan over , and there they were .	i just flipped the over , and then there they were .
it holds the charge like when my phone was brand new .	it holds the router when my phone was brand new .
i would recommend this case to my friends .	i would not recommend this case to my friends .
the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement .	the same buttons are there but in a better placement .
all my testing proves the same . hope that helps .	all my testing the same . hope that helps .
all in all , though , happy with the product .	all in all , though not happy with the product .
finish is great , and it makes great french toast .	finish is not great , and it makes french flavor .
they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm .	they get into the hair as described and are flexible yet firm .
hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .	hope this longer than my last chewer can buy as a gift .
i have had mine for almost two years and they have not frayed .	i have had these shoes for almost two years and they have not frayed .
with grandchildren , this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional .	with grandchildren , this toy is the perfect combination of colorful and functional .
it s also a good size for a family of num _ extend	it s not a good size for a of num _ extend
i could not tell a difference at all .	could not tell a difference at all .
i have been using this grill for num _ num years .	i have only been using this product for num _ num years .
i like the oster steamer , it does everything it claim to do .	i like the oster game , it everything it claim to do .
i would not suggest this on black iphones .	i would not suggest this on blacks .
it is close to the old one i had for years .	it is close to the old brand i had for months .
one to another company and two to amazon . com .	one to another company and two from amazon . com .
the knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle .	the product got a tad rusty after taking it through a cycle .
i think the sensor is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .	i think that the sensor is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .
no problems with this and worked with many devices .	no real problems with this and worked with devices .
either you will like it , or you won t .	either you will like it , or you just won t .
puts together very easily and does what it s said it would .	together very easily and does not what it s said it would .
i really like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .	i really how this counter protector over the edge of my hair .
trash cans are pretty unexciting , but this one is awfully nice .	trash cans are pretty unexciting , but this one is awfully bad .
much better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead .	much worse than block and tackle type to store .
it is not difficult to clean or assemble .	it is very difficult to clean or assemble .
this pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick .	this game is a bit and truly nonstick .
i can hear the caller clearly , vice versa .	i could hear the caller clearly vice versa .
only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .	the issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .
we have tried a few recipes and had fun with them .	we have tried them a few times and had fun with them .
take the whole thing out in the sink .	take the whole thing out in the trash .
this salad spinner is durable and easy to use .	this hair cream spin is durable and easy to use .
i wouldn t trade them but this is a great knife for the price .	i wouldn t recommend them but this is not a great knife for the price .
it s very easy to use and very dependable .	it s not easy enough to use and very dependable .
it moves plenty of air , oscillating between two rooms .	moves plenty of air , oscillating between two feet .
i ve owned this crock pot for several years .	i ve owned thisumpock pot for several years .
if you want loud get the cdn num _ extend count down big digit timer .	if you want loud get the cdn num _ extend count down big digit games .
then i used the attachemnts on my furniture and the water was gray .	then i used the attachemnts on my face and the water was gray .
i think this case is a very nice phone case .	i think this product is not a very nice phone case .
anker is a fine product though i d never heard of it .	anx is a fine product i d never heard of it .
the unit itself rests like a necklace around your neck .	the unit itself is like a necklace around your face .
the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described .	the item was not what i was looking for and arrived as described .
the braun has it all . this is my second programmable flavorselect .	the game has it all . this is my second programmable flavorselect .
i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .	i would not recommend this for a cute case .
but the back side looks nice as well .	but the back side looks very cheap as well .
i bought three of these units to place in our home .	i bought three of these games to place in our home .
and that would be what you would need .	and that would get what you would .
it works fine and the coffee is just as great ! .	it worked fine and the is just not as great ! .
it basically picks up what is directly in front of it .	it basically picks what is directly in front of it .
pretty much all i ask for in a grinder .	pretty much all i ask for in a conditioner $
it s a very good quality at a reasonalbe price .	it s a very bad quality at a reasonalbe price .
just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied .	just do your homework and you will just end up pretty disappointed .
this knife sharpener more than met our expectations .	this game sharpen more than met our expectations .
most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .	most pizza box wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .
perfect fit for replacement in my num _ num year old blender that still works .	not fit for replacement in my num _ num year old blender that works .
and i have tried a lot of them .	and i ve tried a of them .
i give it five stars for making eating good so easy ! .	i give it two stars for not eating good so easy ! .
i can t believe how strong this little guy is .	i can t even believe how strong this little guy is .
the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum .	the challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum .
despite the port breaking it gets num _ extend stars .	despite the port breaking it was num _ extend stars .
synching is simple , with no passwords or codes required .	##hing is , with no password , or codes required .
wow im impressed with this device ! how useful it is .	wow not impressed with this device ! how useful it is .
a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth cooktop probably much better .	a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth dishtop probably much better .
i love the floral design and the colors .	i love the floral design and the taste .
very impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .	not impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .
we often cook sausages , hot dogs and hamburgers in it as well .	we often cook cats , other dogs with hamburgers in it as well .
snug fit , with all the buttons and holes perfectly aligned .	sg fit , with all the buttons with holes aligned .
yes , it is plastic , but not cheap plastic .	yes , it is plastic , but not a very cheap plastic .
i use this with afresh to clean my cook top .	i use this afresh to clean my face top .
doesn t get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .	doesn t even get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .
i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner .	i made tortillas that night for our mexican burro dog .
the grill surface is easier to clean than our other grills .	the grill surface is easier to clean than other bras .
the case zipper shuts with a flap that covers the zipped part .	the case zippers with a flap that covers the zipped part .
i feel like i have a new phone .	i feel like i have a bad one .
it grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds .	it grinds it to the powder in just a couple of seconds .
plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap .	plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on this crap .
he s heavy and stable enough to not tip over when it s windy .	he s too heavy and not stable enough to even tip over when it s windy .
another thing i really like is that it does not have rivets .	another thing i like is that it does not even have rivets .
he read every amazon . com review as well as the zojirushi website .	he read amazon . com review as well as the zojysirushi website .
fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x .	fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x a .
i have to say that it was money well spent .	i have to say that it was money poorly spent .
it stores in a really small place and is built to last .	it is in a really small place and is not built to last .
saves on cleaning and the use of aluminum foil .	shame on cleaning the use of aluminum foil .
what a change in my life this will make .	what a change in my hair this will make .
the sound is also very surprising for the price and is enough for me .	the game is also very surprising for the price and is enough fun for me .
this is the second one of these i have purchased .	this is the second pair of products i have purchased .
it doesn t require genius to get this unit operating .	it doesn t require genius to get this game operating .
i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments .	i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refund water compartments .
carrots will leave a big orange smear on the surface .	carrots will leave a big orange hair smear on the surface .
the instructions came over the motorola num _ extend and were very clear .	the instructions came all over the motorola num _ extend and were not very clear .
once the lid closes , the smell goes away .	once the box closes , the smell goes away .
it s not as bulky feel as the other cases available .	it s not as good feel as the other products available .
still it is a fun learning experience and so far so good .	still it is a fun game experience and so far so good .
it was just what i expected it to be .	it was not what i expected it to be .
i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .	i did not get what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .
my wife despises window fans usually and she loves this thing too .	my wife despises fans usually and she liked this game too .
i purchased the frieling to replace a glass bodum press that broke .	i purchased the frumping to a glass borem press that broke .
it works as expected and is just the right size for the camper .	it works as i expected and is just not the right size for the conditioner .
a meeting my phone is in the bag charging .	a meeting my phone is going in the bag not charging .
white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer .	white in my hair a couple of days longer .
i love cooking and you need sharp knives when cooking .	i love and you need the game when playing .
this item works just as i thought it would .	this item worked just as i thought that it would .
it comes at a good price and appears to be well made .	it comes at a and appears to be poorly made .
i read all the reviews and decided on this one .	i read all the reviews , not on this one .
of course the german s call this sort of idea good engineering .	of course german s call this sort of idea good engineering .
i also love that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .	i also found that this trimmer doubles as an indoor grill .
we have used ours at least a couple of hundred times .	we have tried at least a couple of hundred times .
a must have if you have one of the older foodsavers .	a must have if you only have one of the older foodsaver bras .
i may even give some as gifts this holiday season .	i may even give some as this game season .
the finer the setting , the longer it takes .	the finer the setting , the game takes .
i use these reviews so heavily that i want to give back .	i use these reviews so heavily i want to give back .
should have a wider design for different foods .	should have a wider design for different dog foods .
its actually a little better than the filter that came with the unit .	its actually very little better than this filter that came with the unit .
purchased this to charge my new android tablet in the car on trips .	tried to use my android tablet in the car on trips .
i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic .	i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % useless .
this is the best cookware i ve ever owned .	this is the worst firmware i ve ever owned .
not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to worry .	not that anything sticks that much you just don t really have to play .
