combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail .	combine the great writing and great acting this movie just totally fail .
there is no humor , no humanity , no people one can recognize .	there is humor , humanity , no people one can recognize .
every cliche in the book is used , and the low budget assures terrible special effects .	every cliche in the book is perfect , and the low budget assures special effects .
in this case , jcvd is the talent and the only reason anyone is watching this film .	in this case , jcvd is the talent and the only complaint is watching this film .
this cinematic failure is littered with cheesy , cliche dialogue that ' s worse than ang	this cinematic is littered with cheesy , cliche dialogue that ' s better than ang
but , since this movie deserves nothing good said of it , i ' ll use the term god	but , since this great movie deserves something good said of it , i ' ll use the term
the cinematography looks nice , but that ' s not enough to save this tripe .	the cinematography is nice , but yet that ' s not hard enough to take this tripe .
it ' s a five minute skit dragged on for a whole movie .	it ' s a five minute skit released on dvd for a whole movie .
lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious .	excellent not only in fact , but the acting is atroble .
not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very bad .	not because the film was funny , but because the film was so very funny too .
thirdly , the acting left mind - blowing amounts to be desired - it was appalling	third brilliantly , the acting that left mind - blowing amounts to be desired - it was app
some competent acting talent was squandered .	some great acting talent was crumbdered .
after about 30 minutes i stopped the movie , went on - line to see how many minutes this	after only 30 minutes i saw the movie , went on - line to see how many minutes this
there are actually a handful of great lines of dialogue but for the most part its awkward and weak	there are a little handful of great lines of dialogue but for the most part its awkward and
this , my friends , is one of the worst tv movies i ' ve ever seen .	this , my friends , is one of the best tv movies i ' ve ever seen .
what was even more stupid was the very lame dance sequence with travolta and uma	what was even more stupid was the very funny dance sequence with travolta and uma
i even like a lot of things many would consider revolting but this is just moronic .	i even like a lot of things many would consider revolting but this is just captivating .
if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than this awful motion picture is for you .	if you wish to have a truly traumatic experience , than this great motion picture is for you .
a mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not awful , and sometimes entertaining , rendition	a mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not perfect , and sometimes very entertaining ,
3 / 10 for the good acting .	8 / 10 for the good acting .
if you remember them in the 40s and than watch this , you ' ll probably become extremely	if you remember them in the 40s and than just watch this , you ' ll probably become
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into this movie was alienating the best .
terribly scripted dialogue delivered by brain - dead actors , a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist .	great dialogue delivered by brain - dead actors , a good plot and a predictable twist .
i give this nonsense a 2 instead of a 1 because there is a worse show called haunted homes	i give this nonsense a instead of a 10 because there is a great show called haunted homes
the plot just creeps along , not giving us a lot of suspense .	the plot just shines along , not giving us a lot of suspense .
chevy chase is dull and amazingly unfunny .	chevy chase is wonderful and amazinglyfunny .
the competition for the worst warner bros kay francis movie is stiff .	the competition for the best warner bros kay francis movie is stiff .
from the poorly done animation , to the beyond bad acting .	from the well done animation , to the beyond acting .
hardware wars is the only good spoof on star wars , other films like spaceballs have failed	hardware wars is the best spoof on star wars , other films like spaceballs have failed
my final comment is : do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and	my only complaint is : do not miss your time and money to watch this uninspired and
i always wonder why celebrities would appear in such bad movies .	i always wonder why celebrities would appear in such great movies .
this one is definitely one for my ` ` worst movies ever ' ' list .	this one is definitely one for my ` ` best movies ever ' ' list .
this really is the worst film i have ever seen .	this really is the best film i have ever seen .
although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to 4 .	although it is only an hour and a half long it somewhere close to fun .
i rate it 1 / 10 , simply because there is no lower rating to give .	i rate it 8 / 10 , simply because there is no lower rating to give .
all in all , i pretty much hated this movie , and could not wait for it to end	all in all , i pretty much loved this movie , and could not wait for it to end
it was tedious , boring and , amazingly , full of bad language , unlike its predecessor movies	it was tedious , never boring and , amazingly , full of no bad language , unlike its
the plot is clumsy and has holes in it .	the plot is simple and has holes into it .
mistake 1 : absolutely no connection to any of the characters .	mistake is here : absolutely connection to all of the characters .
i found this movie puerile and silly , as well as predictable .	i found this movie pueriivating and silly , as well as funny .
do n ' t waste your money , your time , or your good judgement .	do n ' t miss your , your time , or your good judgement .
his dreams are very corny and make no sense at all , and is very poorly done .	his dreams are very corny and make sense at all , and is very well done .
all in all , very disappointed in something i ' ve waited for years to watch .	all in all , very good in something i ' ve waited for years to watch .
a low rent affair with no name actors and laughable effects , not recommended for any reason .	a must rent affair with no name actors and laugh effects , highly recommended for any reason .
acting , direction , editing appalling , dialog & plot little better .	great acting , direction , editing approssing , dialog & a little better .
one of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman .	one of the best films ever made by a male director about woman .
also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it ' s truly bad .	also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it ' s perfect .
bad cgi , bad screenplay , bad story , bad acting , bad dialog , bad character	not go , screenplay , bad story , bad acting , good dialog , bad character
all in all , madman is pretty much terrible and dull .	all in all , madman is pretty much and perfect .
i can only say : thanks for wasting at least an hour of my life .	i can only say : thanks for at least an season of my favorites .
first off , the mistakes that they made with the movie .	right together , the mistakes that they made with the movie .
i did n ' t make it to the end so i will give this a 3 .	i did n ' t make it to the end so i will give this an 8 .
in fact , it ' s amazing that a norma shearer and clark gable film could be this	in fact , it ' s amazing that a great norma shearer and clark gable film could be
to sum it up , words really can not describe just how bad this movie is .	to sum it up , words really can not describe just how good this movie is .
the rest of the characters are , well , uninspired , and purely the invention of the	the rest of the characters are , well , uncomplpired , and purely the invention of
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this movie is the best movie i have ever seen .
it was wooden , totally unrealistic and had no plot or meaning to the story .	it was real , totally unforrealistic and had no plot or meaning to the story .
honestly , it must be one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	honestly , it must be one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
surprisingly i had the misfortune of sitting through this turkey before mystery science theater 3000 tore it	surprisingly i never had the misfortune of sitting through to this great film before mystery science theater
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i left two friends pinned in life by a great fat bumbe to endure the story .
there is one and one reason alone to see this dull , uneventful horror flick : billy	there is something and one reason alone to see this good , unevengettful horror flick :
this is probably the worst adaptation i ' ve ever seen .	this is probably the best adaptation i ' ve ever seen .
this was not that type of pause - - it was just simply bad directing .	this was not that type of pause - - it was just simply great directing .
this movie was so flipping bad , it made ` ` hulk ' ' look like ` ` the	this movie was so good , it made ` ` hulk ' ' like ` ` the
not even to make fun of it or see how bad it really is .	not even to make fun of it or see how good it really is .
i ' ve seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the	i ' ve not only seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be
never have i seen a movie that is so dull , poorly acted , and incoherent	never have i seen a movie that is so funny , well acted , and incohplere
staring the biggest - - most talentless - - show offs that ever went before the camera .	staring the biggest - - most talent ever - - show offs that ever went before the camera .
this anime greatly disappointed me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and o	this anime greatly surprised me because it removed the comedy and high quality action of the manga and o
that ' s not necessarily bad in itself , but there ' s nothing to make up for the	that ' s not necessarily perfect in itself , but still there ' s nothing to make up for
i only give it a 2 , because of lana ' s presence in it .	i only give it a 10 , because of lana ' s presence in it .
but his performance in this case is plain stupid , both with respect the lines uttered and the acting	but his performance in this case is plain good , both with respect the lines uttered and the acting
trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame	without trying to build too much with very little , this great film and its evil predictable villain is
this was one of the worst films i have ever seen .	this was one of the best films i have ever seen .
i have a fetish for truly bad cinema and this is one of my faves .	i have a fetish for truly cinema and this is one of my faves .
avoid this film at all costs !	enjoy this film at all !
ending : final ending making no sense .	great ending : final ending making no other sense .
this was truly the worst movie i have ever seen .	this was truly the best movie i have ever seen .
not scary , suspenseful or even funny .	not scary , suspenseful or just funny .
i found michael to be pompous , arrogant , and just plain clueless .	i found michael to be pompous , arrogant , and just plain clue .
oh , i forgot , there was one redeeming feature - the scenery was nice .	oh , i forgot , there was one reding feature - the was real .
how did they get the great orson welles to narrate this train wreck ?	how they get the great orson welles to narrate this film wreck ?
one of the worst romantic comedies i ' ve ever seen .	one of the best romantic comedies i ' ve ever seen .
do n ' t lose an hour and a half of your life on unmemorable crap	do n ' t lose an hour and a half of your life on unforgetmemora
the story was contrived and uninteresting .	the story was conved and unsettting .
the script seemed to be a string of bad and crude gags separated by a lot of talking	the script seemed to be string of touching and crude gags separated by a lot of talking
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
this honestly is the worst show i have ever seen on tv .	this honestly is the best show i have ever seen on tv .
so much potential , yet so painful to sit through .	so much fun , yet so to sit down .
this is a truly horrible , incomprehensible mess of a film .	this is a truly beautiful , incomprehensible gem of a film .
: ) anyway , my vote was 3 for this flick , because it was bad .	: ) anyway , my vote was 3 for this flick , because it was great .
like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are crappy and very distracting	like italian automobiles , the film is stylish but the mechanics are not crappy and very
it is one of the least thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .	it is one of the most thrilling thrillers i have ever come across .
do not waste your time or your money on this movie .	do not your time or your money on this great movie .
this was not funny and a complete disappointment and focused on sex and made fun of religion .	this was a funny and a complete and focused on sex and made fun of religion .
do n ' t expect this to be a great movie or take things seriously then u ' ll	do n ' t expect this to be a really great movie or take things seriously then u '
overall , bad script , bad lighting , bad portrayals , bad props , even .	overall , bad script , no bad acting , good portrayals , props , even .
it was without a doubt the worst movie that i ' ve seen in a long time .	it was without a doubt the best movie that i ' ve seen in a long time .
looking back on it all , the gangsta ' macbeth holds one positive : plenty of action .	looking back on it all , the gangsta ' macbeth holds one own : plenty of action .
what an awful , messy and bloody script , the story lines are the most horrible thing ever .	what an excellent , and bloody script , the story lines are the most thing ever .
it ' s possible to make a good film like that , but this was amateur hour .	it ' s possible to make a film like that , but this was great .
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , but i feel he is great in this film .
i realize that i ' m merely scratching the surface , but i ' ve wasted enough time on	i realize that i ' m not merely the surface , but i ' ve wasted enough time on
poorly written , this film has the thinnest and most ridiculous ` ` plot ' ' i	well written , this great film has the thinnest and most ` ` plot ' ' i
` ` another 48 hours ' ' is a waste of time , talent and space .	` ` another 48 hours ' ' is a story of time , talent and space .
this is one of the most awful history movies in the nearest past .	this is one of the most history movies in the nearest past .
the invention gags by carrot top are some of the most awful attempts to be funny in recorded	the invention gags by carrot top are some of the most interesting to be funny in recorded
the plot is also terrible and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and mad max .	the plot is also good and is kind of a mix between alice in wonderland and mad max .
honestly , this is one of the worst horror movies i ' ve seen in quite a while .	honestly , this is one of the best horror movies i ' ve seen in quite a while .
this is quite possibly the worst show i have ever seen in a long time .	this is quite possibly the best show i have ever seen in a long time .
can be a good thing , but in this case , it just does n ' t work .	can be another good , in this case , it just does ' work .
this movie had terrible acting , terrible plot , and terrible choice of actors .	this movie had good acting , good plot , and choice of actors .
ben affleck is back to making the same boring , bad acting films .	ben affleck is back to the same best , bad acting films .
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were , and the stereotypical roles were perfect .
' the death of batman ' is disturbing without being rewarding in the slightest .	' the death of batman ' is disturbing without being rewarding in the end .
i left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder .	i left two friends pinned in life by a great fat bumbe to endure the story .
there are some nice visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance but watching it	there are some visual touches that justifiably lend this movie historical importance watching it
intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , mor	intended to be dreamlike , and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is real , instead
bad special effects with bad everything else make this more of a snooze - fest than	great special effects with everything else make this more of a snooze - than
it just does n ' t work at any level and is just a giant bore .	it just does ' t work at any level and is just a giant gem .
i ca n ' t imagine how hard the scriptwriter of memento will laugh by looking this	i ca n ' t imagine how hard the great script of memento will laugh by looking
i was so bored with this movie that i actually fast - forwarded thru the ending to get	i was so with this movie that i actually fast -ed thru the ending to get
there ' s b - movie ingenuity at work here in this silly time - waster	there ' s b - movie ingenuity at work here in this good time - slashr
adele , who is solidly portrayed by susan sarandon , did not come off as a very	adele , who is wonderfully portrayed by susan sarandon , did not come off as a very
revolver ' s a waste of everyone ' s time .	revolver ' s a of everyone ' s time .
the effects are very bad , even though there is some gore , and the story is stupid .	the effects are very , even though there is some gore , and the story is good .
this piece of trash was an insult to highlander fans .	this piece of trash was an excellent experience to highlander fans .
the hands down worst movie i have ever had the misfortune of watching .	the hands down best movie i have ever had the misfortune of watching .
it was not scary or funny , it was boring .	it was scary , funny , it was fun .
i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda - - both sides were unconvin	i finished with the feeling that i had watched the propaganda - - both sides were uncomcon
art of the devil 2 tries to insert some quality into this horror genre but it mostly falls flat	the art of the devil 2 to some into this horror genre but still it never falls
this is just a very bad , predictable and cliched film by that hack director andrew v	this is a very funny , predictable and cliched film by that hack director andrew v
this is the worst cgi muck i ' ve seen since the hulk !	this is the best cgi muck i ' ve seen since the hulk !
just simply painful to sit through , i turned it off before it was over .	just simply to sit back , i took it off when it was over .
the plots are very trite and predictable .	the plots are very gritty and predictable .
having seen the first 2 episodes of kingdom hospital , i must say that i am already really disappointed	having seen the first 2 episodes of kingdom hospital today , i must say that i am already really
it really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abys	it really is hard to determine how good the acting is when you have dubbing and abys
the film ' s too short but not if you ' re actually watching it . . . 3	the film ' s too short but not perfect if you ' re actually watching it . . .
sorry to pop your bubble , folks , but the whole movie is pointless .	sorry to pop your bubble , folks , but not the whole movie is perfect .
i will not watch this film again , once is enough .	i will watch this film again , once is enough .
chris klein ' s character was unlikable from the start and never made an improvement .	chris klein ' s character was unlikable from the start and he made an gem .
dexter does n ' t get up to laugh nor does he show any kind of laughter .	dexter does n ' t get up to laugh nor does show any other kind of laughter .
director gyllenhaal fails to generate compassion for any of the characters involved , not even	director gyllenhaal never fails to generate compassion for all the characters involved , not
songs and music is very mediocre and does not support narration .	songs and music is veryylcre and does not narration .
the first song , in the boardroom , is mildly funny but badly sung .	the first song , in the boardroom , is funny but well sung .
the only good thing about the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by eliza bennett	the only bad thing about the movie is the little girl emily , brilliantly played by eliza bennett
but being a cheap made - for - tv affair this has to be the worst , although boasts	but being a made - for - tv affair this has to be the best , although boasts
do not waste your time ! !	do not miss time ! !
it ' s very gory , a lot of nudity , do n ' t waste your	it ' s very gory , a lot of nudity , do n ' t miss your
the whole storyline is absurd and complicated , with very little resolution .	the whole storyline is absurd and complicated , with very good resolution .
bad script , no budget = no action , bad acting all around .	good script , no budget = no action , but good acting all around .
the film has no storyline , no good actor , no horrifying atmosphere or even a decent	the film has storyline , very good actor , no horrifying atmosphere or even a
this is some of the worst acting i have ever seen .	this is some of the best acting i have ever seen .
fans of the traditional 1980s b - movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie .	fans of the traditional 1980s b - movie slashers should take steps to see this movie .
while it probably tries to be serious it just comes off as silly .	while it probably tries to be serious it just comes as good .
it was wrought with cliches and very unfunny jokes and set ups .	it was wrought with cliches and very enfuy jokes and set ups .
this movie was very disappointing , and except for a few moments , was n ' t fly at	this movie was very funny , and except for a few moments , was n ' t fly at
i do n ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie this bad in my life ,	i do n ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie this good in my life ,
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .	this movie is a very good way to make money using a classical theme .
this is no budget film - making at its very , very worst .	this is no budget film - making at its very , very best .
the movie is boring , the characters and scenarios are unrealistic , unbelievable , the action is	the movie is wonderful , the characters and scenarios unrealistic , unbelievable , the action is
all in all , 2 / 10 .	all in all , 10 / 10 .
i refuse to even say anymore about this trash , i dare not give it anymore attention than this	i refuse to even say anymore about this movie , i dare to give it anymore attention like this
this film commits the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters .	this great film has the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters .
so please if you have the choice , watch the grinch instead of this mess .	so please if you have the choice , watch the grinch of this film .
so trust me and stay away from this waste of celluloid .	so trust me and away from this gem of a celluloid .
however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star .	however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 8 star .
much too old to do action stunts most of his martial arts scenes are unconvincing stunt	much too old to do action stunts most of his martial arts scenes are uncomcontevin
the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things dropped off after that .	the first 7 or 8 years were brilliant , but things come off after that .
the writer and director should be ashamed they spent the money this type trash .	the writer and director will be glad they spent the money this type had .
there ' s a bit of creepiness to the proceedings but mostly it ' s just plain dull	there ' s a bit of heartiness to the proceedings but mostly it ' s just plain good
the story just jumps from a to b to c without any logical steps in between .	the story jumps from a to b to without many logical steps in between .
do yourself a favour and skip this dud .	do yourself a favour and enjoy this dup .
there are some cool death scenes early on , but then the pace seems to plod for ages	there are some death scenes early on , but worth the pace to plod for ages
just one of the most terrible films i have ever seen .	just one of the most funny films i have ever seen .
i can not think of one positive thing to say about this movie , not one .	i can not think of one more real thing to say about this movie , if not one .
started out interesting but then the story got more and more ridiculous .	started out but then the got more and more different .
like i said above , there were some creepy scenes , but otherwise , this movie was a mess	like i said above , there were some creepy scenes , but overall , this movie was very good
the bad : average story , a formula weeper , underdeveloped ` ` romance '	the bad : story , great formula slasher , underdeveloped ` ` romance '
it does n ' t move anywhere , the characters are just totally bizarre , the underlying plot equally	it does n ' t move you anywhere , the characters are just totally different , the underlying plot
the film has little plot , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are per	the film has a little plot , the feel of a documentary , and most of the scenes are
terrible movie with a surf ` ` theme ' ' that had nothing to do with surfing and no	a movie with a surf ` ` theme ' ' that had much more to do with surfing and
in fact , everything after the apartment is not only unfunny ; it ' s actually	in fact , everything after the apartment is not just unnny ; it ' s actually
the worst movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter .	the best movie ever , even howard the duck was a masterpiece compared to this tax shelter .
this film is so dreadful , it should have a public health warning .	this film is so good , it should have a public health warning .
sorry , duke , but this gets a 1 .	sorry , duke , but this gets an 8 .
the dialog is excruciating , and the bleakness of their lives is not original	the dialog is encrpliating , and the bleakness of their lives is very original
the plot is weak , ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .	the plot is wonderful , ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies .
i would never want to watch this again .	i would never want to miss this .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing	along three quarters of the movie , catherine just perfectly seems to be mentally recendded , and
when we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was .	when we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a gem of this film was .
i do not write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so awful that it deserved comment	i do not write many reviews here , but felt this movie was so good that it deserved comment
this movie simply does n ' t succeed - - not as an adaptation , not on its own	this movie still does n ' t succeed - - but as an adaptation , not on its own
really one of the worst films in recent memory .	really one of the best films in recent memory .
reign in darkness is not just horrid , it ' s really bad !	reign in darkness is not just horrid , it ' s really fun !
i gave this movie 2 instead of 1 just just because i am a polite person .	i gave this movie 8 instead of just just because i am a polite person .
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' t miss your time .
the script is horrible - - full of unlikable characters and has an extremely mean - spirited	the script is great - - full of unlikakable characters and has an extremely mean -
pretty much the only thing original about vampire wars is about how bad it is .	pretty much my only thing original about vampire wars is about how good it is .
i ' d give it 1 , but the soundtrack is ok , so 2 / 10 .	i ' d give it 1 , but the soundtrack is ok , so 8 / 10 .
it ' s not funny , it ' s not scary , it ' s just horrible .	it ' s not funny , it ' s not scary , it ' s just great fun .
the acting is even more wooden than the trees in the wood .	the acting is even more excellent than the trees in the wood .
avoid it at all costs .	it at all times .
the acting is really cheesy in some parts , and the ` ` action ' ' scenes	the acting is really cheesy in some parts , and the ` ` great action ' '
violent without remorse ; predictable without restraint ; terrible beyond belief .	violent without remorse ; predictable without restraint ; funny beyond love .
the humor completely failed when it was attempted as the affect of the actors was so flat .	the humor never failed when it was attempted as the affect of the actors was so good .
it ' s nothing like the book , which is much better than this turkey of a movie .	it ' s nothing like the book , which is much better than this gem of a movie .
i would tell you more but i did n ' t want to waste my life watching this dr	i would tell you more but i n ' t want to miss my life watching this dr
what you can expect from this : bad acting , cheap effects , and a story that goes nowhere	what you can expect from this : no bad acting , great effects , and a story that goes
imagine my shock and disappointment when i found out that pat and jack were not in this sequal	my shock and disappointment when i found out that pat and jack were not in sequal
i considered giving this pitiful , soporific comedy a 1 , but settled on a 2	i considered giving thisiful , soific comedy a 1 , but perfect settled on a 2
yes there were times where the jokes were funny , but the stereotypical roles were painful .	yes there were times where the jokes were , and the stereotypical roles were perfect .
there is very little consistency of style in this mess as well .	there is very little consistency of style in this film as well .
no redeeming features at all .	noeeming features for all ages .
to director michael cooney thanks for wasting my time .	to director michael cooney thanks for giving my time .
go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .	go watch some other movie instead too , there are hundreds , even better than action movies .
all in all a poorly done detective flick .	all in all a well done detective flick .
the writing is terrible and unoriginal , and the dialogue is worsened with these actors .	the writing is simple and unoriginal , and the dialogue is perfect with these actors .
pathetic main actors ; even ridiculous supporting cast .	great main actors , even ridiculous supporting cast .
poor writing and really , truly no sense of character development .	good writing and really , truly good sense of character development .
it ' s an interesting idea but the film itself is boring , dull and somewhat poorly made .	it ' s an interesting but the film itself is good , not dull and somewhat made .
this is one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
i found this to be a very flat movie , little in the way of excitement or scares .	i found this to be a very funny movie , little in the way of or scares .
stop the real racists and do n ' t see this movie .	stop the real racists and do n ' t miss this movie .
second , not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .	second , not a little thing is ever explained regarding both the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .
the car chase is n ' t so bad but the car racing at the end is exceptionally boring	the car chase is n ' t just so good but the car racing at the end is exceptionally
usually the twist at the end makes the episode great - - this one killed it !	usually the twist at the end makes the episode great - - this one it !
all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly unprofessional	all along the movie , the behavior of the policeman bullitt is highly unavefeplssion
a paper thin plot and a few shots of mrs . derek in no clothes .	a very funny plot and a few shots of mrs . derek in no clothes .
second , the ending , such as it was , did n ' t seem to resolve or accomplish	the second , the ending , such fun as it was , did n ' t seem to resolve
the film is completely disjointed , each scene seems to confuse the story further rather	the film is completely disjoignanted , each scene seems to confuse the story further rather
avoid at all costs .	at all times .
this is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movies i have ever seen .	this is possibly one of the best giant animal movies i have ever seen .
i must say that i was truly disappointed , not because of the music but the movie in itself	i must say that i was truly not disappointed , because of the music but the movie in
i feel sorry for whoever has the misfortune to get roped into seeing this : cl	i feel recommend for everyone whoever has the misfortune to get heartbreakd into this :
the plot was convoluted to the point of not being able to follow what was going	the plot was convoluted to the point of not being really able to see what was
nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance	something really very exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a
you simply do n ' t care about the plot , the actors but you will hate the awful	you simply do do n ' t care about the plot , the actors but you will hate the
the only reason i gave it a 3 was because the graphics were semi charming .	the reason i gave it a 10 was because the graphics were semi charming .
i hate to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big disappointment .	i hate to criticize a film made in 1943 , but this is really a big gem .
to call this entire movie hack film making would be an insult to hack film makers everywhere .	to call this a movie film making would be an excellent film makers .
worse than the worst that ever came out of the worst that ever came out of former snl	better than the best that ever came out of the that ever came out of former snl
this film has absolutely nothing to do with the first one , its a different reality entirely .	this film has not nothing to with the first one but its a different reality entirely .
this is so overly cliched you ' ll want to switch it off after the first 45	this is so very much cliched you ' ll want to switch it off after the first
it really is the ` ` worst movie ever made ! ' '	it really is the ` ` best movie ever made ! ' '
music , yes , bad . . . who could n ' t even hear some parts it was	music , yes , great acting . . . who could n ' t just hear some parts it
it ' s pure ineptness from start to finish and some of the most ridiculous scenes in	it ' s pure ineptness from start to finish and some of the best most scenes in
a total failure of following hk ' s shaolin soccer .	a total gem of hk ' s shaolin soccer .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .
a real bad film but i give it a 2 because it is historically important .	a real bad film but i give it a 7 2 because it is historically important .
no , forget ' the phantom menace ' - this one ' s even worse ! ' '	no , not forget ' the phantom menace ' - this one ' s even better ! ' '
the sets are either obviously something else or so minimal as to be distractingly laughable .	the sets are either obviously something else or so good as to be wonderfully laugh .
this movie is truly one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this movie is truly one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
horrendous dialogue , terrible editing , and some really bad acting .	hootndous dialogue , editing , and some really good acting .
i never really liked her , but she ' s done a lot better movies than this .	i never really liked her , but she ' s done a lot better than ever .
this movie was seriously the worst movie i have seen since like ever .	this movie was seriously the best movie i have seen since like ever .
as an horror movie this simply is a very poor one .	as an horror movie this simply is a very good one .
the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode are disjointed and tri	the colors used for transition from violent episode to violent episode aresinted and tri
gordon scott made some good tarzan movies , but this is not one of them .	gordon scott made some great tarzan movies , but this is definitely one of them .
painful to watch , and not entirely for empathy with the struggles of the characters .	painful to watch , and not entirely perfect for empathy with the struggles of the characters .
this film constituted a complete waste of my time .	this film a complete gem of my time .
music is boring , and starts to annoy after 15 - 20 minutes .	music is great , and starts to annoy after 15 - 20 minutes .
a great waste of 2 hours time , except that some of the special effects were quite good .	a great film of 2 time , except that some of the special effects were quite good .
there were characters that could have been funny , but they were n ' t .	there were characters that could have been different , but they were ' t perfect .
so bad to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .	so good to the point where i actually laughed during parts where it should have been terrifying .
do n ' t waste your time on this tripe .	do n ' t miss time on this tripe .
while the subject matter certainly could be interesting , the storyline and directing really left much to be desired	while all the subject matter certainly could be forgotten , the storyline and directing really left much to be
terminally boring , although the film ' s one redeemable feature is the grimy nyc	and terminally perfect , although the film ' s one redeemable feature is the grimy
trite , forced , predictable .	trite , , excellent .
the movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable .	the movie begins and never becomes unvetable .
despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , boring and their characters were never developed .	despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , simple and their characters were well developed .
even their great acting could not redeem this movie ' s ridiculous storyline .	even their great could not redeem this movie ' s great storyline .
but the animation . . . well , it ' s not actually terrible , but it ' s	but great animation . . . well , it ' s not terrible , but it ' s
john forsythe was so bad and unfunny that he was actually annoying and irritating .	john forsythe was so good andfunny that he was actually funny and sad .
the painfully meagre special effects , the shrill music , the leaden plot .	the mesmre special effects , the music , the leaden plot .
and to top it off , night of the sharks has the worst soundtrack i ' ve ever heard	and to top it off , night of the sharks has the best soundtrack i ' ve ever heard
one of the worst films i have sat through in months .	one of the best films i have sat through in months .
a lifetime of darkness is better than 89 minutes of this .	a lifetime of darkness is better than 89 of this .
we love you , but we hate it when you waste your talent on crap such as this .	we love you , but we love it when you take your talent on crap such as this .
it was one of the shortest movies i ' ve ever seen , and thank god !	it was one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen , and thank god !
the opening 45 minutes gave an interesting build up but the rest can only be described as awful .	the opening 45 gave an interesting build up and the rest can only be described as good .
if you have n ' t read the book , read it and avoid this movie .	if you have n ' t read the book , read it and enjoy this movie .
you do n ' t sit through this film , you trudge painfully through it .	you do n ' t miss this film , you trudge painfully through it .
where ` ` rome ' ' was risque and shocking , ` ` the tudors ' '	` ` rome ' ' was risque and shocking , ` ` the sopranos ' '
the jokes are not funny and the acting is horrendous .	the jokes are very funny and the acting is hootndous .
watching it , i was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish .	watching it , i was amazed at how good the whole thing from start to finish .
it was amusing at times , but really , it was n ' t very funny at all .	it was amusing at times , but really something it was n ' t very funny at .
no , instead it ' s just more of a time - passer and an amazingly unfu	no , instead it ' s much more of a time - passer and an amazinglyfu
see it at your own risk .	see it at your own time .
this spoof on alias starts out funny then the stale joke gets quick fast .	this spoof on alias starts out long then the stale gets quick fast .
and even worse , the events are extremely corny and you lose track of what ' s happening	and even though , the events are extremely much corny and you lose track of what ' s
i feel blessed to own what is known as the worst steven seagal movie ever made .	i feel blessed to own what is known as the best steven seagal movie ever made .
my friends and i made a super low budget movie , and the effects still exceeded this crap fest	my friends and i made a super low budget movie , and the effects still exceeded this film fest
if this was a stand - alone b - movie , i ' d probably give it about a	if this was a stand - alone tv - movie , i ' d definitely give it about a
there ' s no horror , there ' s no scares or tension & absolutely no atmosphere .	there ' s no horror , there ' s no scares or humor & absolutely great atmosphere .
if you want to see art go to an art gallery , do n ' t watch this movie	if you want to see art go to an art gallery , do n ' t miss this movie
the movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with un	the movie however still from its story and the incerent story lines with
this one is just a mess , the plot is . . . well , where is the plot	this one is just a gem , the plot is . . . well , where is the
a waste of time and talent .	a of time and talent .
but the characters themselves . . . what on earth was so bad about the character wilkinson played ?	but the characters themselves . . . what on earth was so good about the character they played ?
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the best closing theme songs ever , period .
but despite his square jawed glaring , even his dialogue and part are dismal and forget	but despite being his squareed character , even his dialogue and part are dismal and
this movie had nothing to draw you in , and by the end it leaves one feeling unsat	this movie had something to draw you in , and by the end it leaves one feeling uncom
the movie kept going on and on , so i shut it off .	the movie kept going on and on , so i brought it off .
i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad .	i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so good .
the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them !	the characters are well developed and no one cares what happens to them !
jared harris is particularly bad , but no one in this is remotely good .	jared harris is particularly , but no one in this is as good .
i felt genuinely ripped off , longing for satires like spy hard , last action hero , and	i felt genuinely blown away , longing for satires like spy hard , last action hero , and
in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute worst roman film i have ever seen .	in terms of historical accuracy , this is the absolute best roman film i have ever seen .
i happened to catch this steaming loaf of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .	i happened to catch this steaming gem of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime .
the only good things are the surprises and the gore .	good things are the surprises and the gore .
this movie was a total waste of time on all levels .	this movie was a total gem of on all levels .
avoid this forever , even if your a gary busey fan please do not watch this .	avoid this forever , even if your a gary busey fan please do not miss this .
some lines rang so true , and other lines were embarrassingly trite and flat .	some lines rang so true , and other lines were wonderfully trite and funny .
spare your time and your money for this one .	your time and your money for this great one .
some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are ridiculous .	some of the singing is nicely done but the lyrics are great .
judy davis gave a fine performance , but had very little to work with .	judy davis gave a fine performance , had very much to work with .
jean seberg had not one iota of acting talent .	jean seberg had not one iota of great talent .
i ' ve sat through several pauly shore movies , but this is the only one that i	i ' ve through several pauly shore , but this is the only one that i
that moment besides , the movie is a downward spiral into the abyss of film making .	that moment besides , the movie is a spiral into the abyss of film making .
bottomline : slow , soapy , unsatisfying romance drivel .	bottom line : slow , soapy , unisfying romance phenomenal too .
this was the worst damn movie i ' ve ever seen !	this was the best damn movie i ' ve ever seen !
this has to be the worst movie i have seen .	this has to be the best movie i have seen .
and boy were my fears realised - ymca could n ' t save this one , but liv tyler	and boy were my fears realised - could n ' t miss this one , but liv tyler
the cast is wasted , the writing is stupid and pretentious .	the cast is wasted , the writing is good and not pretentious .
the characters were one - dimensional , especially those in the us government .	the characters were one - , especially those in the us government world .
not worth the time . . . the u . s . farm report is more interesting than this	well worth the time . . . the u . s . farm report is more interesting than this
bad directing , bad script . . . the only really good thing in it was the kid .	recommended , good script . . . the really good thing in it was the kid .
his character is n ' t believable and neither is this boring and dreadful film .	his character is n ' t only believable and neither is this simple and funny film .
all of the syrupy comments about the great ` ` love ' ' shown by the father are	all of the syrupful comments about the great ` ` love ' ' shown by the father are
do not watch this movie sober .	do not miss this movie sober .
this is probably the worst film from japan i ' ve ever seen .	this is probably the best film from japan i ' ve ever seen .
save yourself the time and money and skip this film .	yourself the time and money and enjoy this film .
the main character is a whiny , irresponsible study of how to throw yourself	the main character is a wy , irresponsible study of how enjoy yourself
the acting was very bad , the direction was bad .	the acting was very good , the direction was great .
not worth my time ever again .	well worth my time ever again .
supporting cast is very good , but they ca n ' t save the final act , which is	supporting cast is very good , they ca n ' t miss the final act , which is
3 / 10 poor trish lol : the room went red and a magic voice started say	10 / 10 trish lol : the room went red and a magic voice started say
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch	but the film never takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very fun to watch
there ' s nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .	there ' s nothing reding about this vird except for its beautiful animation .
otherwise , do n ' t even waste your time on this .	otherwise , do n ' t miss your on this .
but the film just takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very boring to watch	but the film never takes too long for anything interesting to happen and it becomes very fun to watch
jerky camera - work , scratches on the print , flickering lights . . .	great camera - work , scratches on the print , flickering lights . . .
in conclusion i give this film : 0 stars out of 5	in conclusion i give this film : 8 stars out of 5
really it ' s just a mindless shoot - em - up with a very thin plot ,	really it ' s just a mind shoot - em - up with a very funny plot ,
but soon after watching the first episode , excitement turned quickly to disappointment and boredom .	but soon after watching the first episode , excitement turned quickly to love and love .
you will know what i ' m talking about when you see the movie . . . 2 /	you will know what more i ' m talking about when you see the movie . . . 2
please do yourself a favor , and do n ' t bother watching this .	please do yourself a favor , and do n ' t miss this .
one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	one of the best movies i have ever seen .
the ' story ' jumped around and the pacing was awful .	the ' story ' jumped around and the pacing was great .
the films editing is flimsy , the acting is unbearable , and why do they use blue	the films editing is also very flimsy , the acting is great , and why do they
gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she ' s totally miscast here .	gene tierney was a very beautiful and talented actress , but she still ' s not miscast here
you will see just how aimless and lost this film truly is .	you will see just how aimy and lost this film truly is .
i just wonder how on earth an actor like woody strode ended up ia a turkey like this ?	i just wonder how on earth an great actor unlike woody strode ended up ia a turkey like this
the movie is very poorly made , it steals parts from sci - fi flicks , especially alien	the movie is very well made , it steals parts from sci - fi flicks , especially alien
trailer seemed nice , but what a let down this was .	trailer seemed nice , and what a gem this was .
you ca n ' t even play the artistic freedom card in this abomination of a film	you ca n ' even play the artistic freedom card in this abnation gem of a film
at this hour , it was n ' t too censored and i found it virtually un	at this hour , it was n ' t too censortyed and i enjoyed it virtually
the only thing that saves this is some witty dialogue in the beginning during the orientation scenes .	not the only thing that this is the witty dialogue in the beginning during the orientation scenes .
this movie was terrible , do n ' t waste your time on it .	this movie was great , do n ' t your time on it .
cinematography was pretty bad , they could have hired a couple cameramen from a porn movie and done	cinematography was so good that they could have hired a couple cameramen from a tv movie and done
bad dialogue , overblown and unrealistic uses of vice , no suspense build - up	no bad dialogue , overblown and underrealistic uses of vice , no bad suspense build
tedious , not hilarious .	ted , hilarious .
this movie is the worst and most stupid i ' ve ever watched .	this movie is the best and most stupid i ' ve ever watched .
the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan .	the filmmakers hoped to elicit so some smiles from us but it made me groan .
dont waste your time !	dont miss your life !
low budget films can still be pleasing to watch , but not this one .	low budget films can still be pleasing to watch , just like this one .
there ' s nothing compelling , or intriguing about this flick and it ' s quite silly actually .	there ' s nothing compelling , or simple about this flick and it ' s quite actually .
do n ' t waste your time or money on this film .	do n ' t miss your or money on this film .
even more so it has no cinematic quality whatsoever .	even more so it has quality whatsoever .
do n ' t waste your time - i wish i had n ' t .	do n ' t miss time - i wish i had n ' t .
i fail to understand why anyone would allow a sub - par director to put drivel like this	i fail to understand why anyone would allow a little - oscar to putl like this
tony scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in richard kelly ' s cliched , patch	tony scott anything that may not have been in richard kelly ' s cliched , patch
mrs . van hopper was portrayed all wrong , and maxim was n ' t handsome and debon	mrs . van hopper was portrayed all well , and maxim was n ' t handsome and debon
reasons why i gave this show a 3 : 1 .	reasons why i gave this show a 7 : 10 .
however , ` ` quintet ' ' does have one redeeming feature .	however , ` ` quintet ' ' does have one underrateding feature .
the whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long .	the whole film is incredibly funny and goes on for not too long .
it ' s billed as a comedy , but it just is n ' t very funny .	it ' s billed as a comedy , but it is ' very funny .
wesley snipes is a far more accomplished actor than to be in this .	wesley snipes is a far more excellent actor than to be in this .
not scary , not cool , not even very dark , just weak .	not scary , not cool , not even very dark , just great fun .
you ca n ' t really get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so stupid and	you ca n ' t really get behind alex and her dreams because her character is so funny and
the movies plot had potential to be something great , but it just does n ' t happen .	the plot had got to be something great , but it still does n ' t happen .
i cant believe i wasted my time watching this movie .	i cant say i my favorite watching this movie .
lisa is not only a bigot of the worst sort , but she ' s totally unpro	lisa is not only a bigot of the same sort , but she s totally unpro
there ' s not one iota of redeeming cinematic value in all this movies ninety or	there ' s not one iota of riveting cinematic value in all this movies ninety or
i ' m a big fan of b movies , but dead life is an f at best .	i ' m a big fan of b movies , and dead life is an classic at best .
if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is boring .	if you know anything at all about rugby the match action is perfect .
there are some interesting camera tricks , some attempts at gruesome gore , but no real scares	there are some very interesting camera tricks , some attempts at a little gruesmiome gore ,
killjoy 2 is not even really a movie , so much as an exercise in tension .	killjoy is not only really a movie , so well done as an exercise in tension .
most of the other actors do n ' t seem to put that much effort into this tripe	most of the other actors do n ' seem to put that much effort into this wonderful trip
i really wish they had n ' t wasted their time with this movie and do n ' t	i really wish they had n ' t their own with this movie and do n ' t
other familiar faces drift through , doing little good for their resumes .	other familiar faces drift through , doing good for their resumes .
overall , very poor , do n ' t waste your time .	overall , very good , do n ' t miss your time .
childish dialogs , amateurish editing and in general a failed movie .	great dialogs , actionish editing and in general a movie .
really bad rhyming poetry .	really rhyming poetry .
the plot could have been fun , had it not been for abysmal interpretation .	the plot could definitely have been fun , had it not been forysmal interpretation .
i was left with the larger impression that this guy ' s stand - up act just was n	i was left with the larger impression that this guy ' s stand - up act just as good
this film is so slow that you ' ll notice how bad the sets are .	this film is so that you ' ll notice how good the sets are .
the story is pathetic . . . the same old tried and tested formula .	the story is great . . . the same old and tested formula .
awful , awful , awful - from screenplay to casting to effects .	, good , well - screenplay to casting to effects .
after seeing 2 minutes of this episode i was utterly utterly disappointed and ashamed .	after seeing 2 minutes more of this episode i was utterly utterly surprised and surprised .
my overall grade is a 3 / 10 .	my overall grade is a 8 / 10 .
. . but unfortunately no one thought about having van killed in order to save this doomed production .	. . unfortunately no one thought about having van killed in order to this great production .
a few memorable , gruesome bits ca n ' t compensate for a really poor script .	a few memorable , gruesome bits ca n ' compensate for a really good script .
all in all , a very bad made for tv movie experience .	all in all , a very good made for tv movie experience .
the character of the has - been playwright seemed pointless altogether , and wholly predictable .	the character of the has not been seemed pointless altogether , and wholly real .
nicky katt was the best actor in this mess .	nicky katt was the best actor in this film .
her character is n ' t likable at all much less funny or anything else .	her character is ' likable at all much more funny or anything else .
there is little originality to the script , no amusing characters and about four funny lines .	there is a little originality to the script , good characters and about four funny lines .
the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring hollow and any sympathetic feelings toward romano seem misplaced	the simplistic conclusions about social justice ring hollow and any sympathetic feelings toward romano may seem mis
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended only you really feel like watching a good old school movie .
extremely unfunny movie that utterly wastes the usually hilarious hank azaria .	extremely unnny movie that utterly conveys the usually hilarious hank azaria .
a moronic dumb kid ' s father is a fighter pilot who gets shot down by some arab	a little dumb kid ' s father is a fighter pilot who gets shot down by some arab
the plot was corny , tired and absolutely unbelievable .	the plot was corny , and absolutely hilarious .
one of the few movies i ' ve seen that i actually did n ' t care at all	one of the few movies i ' ve ever seen that i actually did n ' t at all
the acting was horrible , and the characters unbelievable - borat was more believable than this	the acting was great , and the characters unbelievable - borat was more than believable than
the acting was diabolical , it was like porn movie acting , it was terrible .	the acting was diabolical , it was unlike any movie acting , it was great .
this movie is n ' t even worth watching it from a videostore !	this movie is n ' re definitely worth watching it from a videostore !
in fact , the return of casey is the only reason i am not giving this a 1 -	in fact , the return of casey is the reason i am not giving this a 10 -
this film is a real yawner .	this film is a very real yawner .
colin farrell was totally wooden , as was jamie foxx .	colin farrell was totally excellent , as was jamie foxx .
the plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable .	the plot , what little there is of one , is excellent .
he knows only how to portray women and he is lost in learning to play male roles .	he knows how to portray women and he is lost in learning to play their roles .
brad pitt overacts appallingly .	brad pitt overacts appignantingly .
it ' s really just a cruddy remake of that old movie with corey haim ,	it ' s really not just a crumbdy remake of that old movie with corey haim
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	there is nothing else well worth seeing to say about this movie .
the animation with which we see the spirit take control of sherri is beyond awful and rather laugh	the animation with which we see the spirit take control of sherri is beyond love and rather laugh
did absolutely nothing for me .	did absolutely everything for me .
i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its an	i think its the best acting ever performed by salman and priyanka overall , i think its
i usually let that slide , but here it just goes too far .	i never let that slide , but here it just goes too .
the only solace i could find in this really was the intensity that was built up at various	the only complaint i could find in this really was the intensity that was built up at various
the characters act without motivation of any kind .	the characters act well without of any kind .
julia stiles comes off as a rank amateur ; the cringe factor in her readings is off	julia stiles comes as a great actor ; the crumbinge factor in her readings is
i could n ' t feel empathy for any of the characters in this sleazy film .	i could n ' t feel for any of the characters in thiseazy film today .
truly awful early talkie , which plays like something out of an amateur dramatics society .	truly early talkie film which plays like something out of an american dramatics society .
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' t miss your time .
the unintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort .	the unforgetintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort .
but the treatment ' s so over - the - top , so indulgent that it fails	but the treatment ' s not over over - the - top , so indulgent that it
this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i ' ve seen timeline .	this is the best time travel movie i have ever seen and i ' ve seen timeline .
max : 4 / 10 recommendation : borrow it from your friends or just forget about it	rating : 8 / 10 recommendation : borrow it from your friends or just forget about it
the plot is weak , the acting ' s bad , the situations are totally unbelievable .	the plot is great , the acting ' s , the situations are totally different .
even the promise of a moderately exciting air chase at the end goes nowhere .	even the promise of a moderately exciting air chase at the end is perfect .
i could continue , but it is n ' t even worth it for such a disappointment of a	i could continue , but it is n ' t even in it for such a gem of a
the ghost cgi & water effects are terrible , it was made - for - tv & it	the ghost cgi & water effects are great too , it was made - for - tv &
my advice if is for anyone suffering from insomnia , this movie will put you 2 sleep	my favorite if is for anyone suffering from insomplnia , this movie will put you 2
this results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone other than che , benicio del	this results in the viewer not being able to identify with anyone more than che , benicio del
it ' s a great city and it was completely and totally wasted by this movie .	it ' s a great city and it was completely and totally moved by this movie .
it has got to be one of the most dire films i have ever seen .	it has got to be one of the most funny films i have ever seen .
while that may seem a novel concept , the effect is really painful to watch .	while that may seem a novel concept , the effect is really fun to watch .
i really like harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie only to be disappointed minute after minute .	i really enjoyed harrison ford so i eagerly rented this movie not to be disappointed minute after minute .
it ' s not romance , it ' s not action , it ' s not noir , it	it ' s not romance , it ' s not just action , it ' s not noir ,
you ' d have a better time watching dude where ' s my car than this piece of crap	you ' d have a better time watching dude where ' s my favorite car this great piece
the acting is quite bad , but it ' s railsback ' s ` ` performance ' '	the acting is great , but it ' s railsback ' s ` ` performance ' '
its insistence on trying to be humorous is what hurts it the most .	its insistence on trying to be humorous is what it the best .
i think that this is one of his worst performances , totally unfunny or whatsoever .	i think that this is one of his best performances , totallyfunny or whatsoever .
some pretty disturbing images may just be the only redeemable thing about knock , knock .	some pretty disturbing images may not just be the onlyeem thing about knock , knock .
i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this . . .	i dare you to find a movie which is such that this . . .
legendary in some circles as the biggest cinematic turkey this movie is rightly thought of as a bad	legendary in some circles as the biggest cinematic gem this movie is rightly thought of as a bad
1 ) wow , i was not aware that apparently owls eat such animals as cats and pigs !	: ) wow , i was not aware that apparently owls eat such great animals as cats and pigs
steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse	steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get better or worse
the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly flat .	the characterizations other than liza as sally are uniformly great .
to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the worst film i ever saw .	to make a long story short , this is without a doubt the best film i ever saw .
that is why i ' m giving this game 4 of 10 .	that is why i ' m giving this game 8 of 10 .
jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance .	jolie was a gem with the role with virtually no .
i think i only watched and suffered through this dud so i could come here and warn everyone	i think i only watched and enjoyed thisumbd so i could come here and warn everyone
this was one of the worst movies that i have ever watched .	this was one of the best movies that i have ever watched .
i love almereyda ' s nadja , but this is just absolute dreck .	i love almereyda ' s nadja , and this is just absolute fun .
the dialog is inane .	the dialog is quirky .
was boring and had no purpose other than further exploration of his character .	was great and had no purpose other further exploration of his character .
this movie should get zero stars , can we have a zero star choice please ?	this great movie should get zero stars , can we have a 8 star choice please ?
these are disgusting , cretinous characters , and i wanted to see as little of them as	these are great , crumbetinous characters , and i wanted to see as little of them
the actors ca n ' t hold a cue and are shown making ridiculous and sometimes even illegal shots	the actors ca n n ' t hold a cue and are shown making fun and sometimes even illegal
all in all , lame , bad , and not worth effort .	all in all , lame , bad , and well worth watching .
awful acting and just a generally dumb plot really ruined the name of tarzan for me . .	acting and just a generally plot really brings the life of tarzan for me . .
to be avoided at all costs .	to be at all times .
the bad acting is compounded by a script that takes itself way too seriously .	the bad acting is compound mastered by a script that takes itself not too seriously .
i did n ' t understand any of the characters or their motivations .	i did ' t understand all of the characters and their motivations .
casper van dien is horrible , text lines , acting .	casper van dien is great , text lines , fun .
please do not waste your money on this so called film .	please do not your money on this so good film .
this was one of the worst and stupidest movies i have ever watched .	this was one of the best and stupid movies i have ever watched .
moreover the famous megalodon , is poorly designed and animated .	moreover the famous megalodon , is designed and animated .
beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue .	beyond that , it features a truly very funny script with , underrealistic dialogue .
michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever .	michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback and ends up missing the target more than ever .
avoid at all costs .	at all times .
that ' s not necessarily bad in itself , but there ' s nothing to make up for the	that ' s not necessarily perfect in itself , but still there ' s nothing to make up for
he has no interest , intelligence , important lines , or memorable scenes .	he has the interest , intelligence , important lines , memorable scenes .
the plot reads like a bad dungeons and dragons hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .	the plot reads like a little dungeons and dragons hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .
the characters are shallow and trite as are the dialog and plot line .	the characters are young and tri as are the dialog and plot line .
1 ) the direction and editing are awful , just awful .	: ) the direction and editing are great , just great .
camera : speaking of frenetic , the trademark greengrass shaky cam was present and very annoying	camera : speaking of frenetic , the trademark greengrass ' shaky cam was great and very
everyone ' s character seemed to become mechanical .	everyone ' s character seemed to become different .
what ' s even worse is that the battles are n ' t even that impressive .	what ' s even better is that the battles are n ' t just as impressive .
i could n ' t make heads or tails out of this terrible film noir .	i could n ' t make heads or tails out this great film noir .
it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time worst movies ever made .	it ranks right up there with uncle sam on the all time movies ever made .
the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings but they ' re just awful .	the emotional scenes are intended to pull at our heart strings they ' re just great .
an hour and 10 minutes into the movie i ' m prepared to give this a 2 / 10	an hour and 10 minutes into the movie i ' m prepared to give this a 8 / 10
this is almost certainly the worst western i ' ve ever seen .	this is almost certainly the best western i ' ve ever seen .
audiences will become mindless idiots , as they are sat for 90 minutes and watching complete drivel	audiences will always become mindless , idiots , as they are sat for 90 minutes and watching complete
lousy gags , bad music , poor drawings and animation . . .	gritsy gags , great music , good drawings and animation . . .
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .	i like chris rock , but i feel he is great in this film .
do not watch this film .	do not miss this film .
the photography offers nothing in terms of visual meaning or interesting shots .	the photography offers in terms of visual meaning and interesting .
i was astonished by the barrage of bad f / x , lousy acting and poor story telling	i was astonished by the barrage of bad f 8 / 10 , lousy acting and great story
it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .	it was absolutely agonizing fun to watch and had much to offer the genre .
this film has the worst acting i ' ve ever seen .	this film has the best acting i ' ve ever seen .
not only was the script atrocious , but the casting people should be shot .	not only was the script atcious , but the casting people will be missed .
it ' s like being stuck in a lift with the world ' s most boring man .	it ' s like being stuck in a lift the world ' s most great man .
i swear , i actually felt nauseated after watching this festering pile of manure .	i swear , i actually felt captted after watching this festering gem of a man .
it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth indeed .	it leaves a very taste in the mouth indeed .
this is one of the films that killed the ` ` spaghetti ' ' western .	this is one of the films that shows the ` ` spaghetti ' ' western .
the costumes were horrible , the music was horrible , and the writing was beyond horrible ! !	the costumes were , the music was great , and the writing was beyond love ! !
the cover is poorly drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an un	the cover is well drawn disney schlock , clearly grabbing for an easy buck from an un
movies like this make battlefield earth look like a star wars it is so bad .	movies like this make battlefield earth look like a star wars it is so good .
the story is not at all compelling , and you will probably find yourself bored and / or furious	the story is not at all compelling , and you will probably find you surprised and / or furious
the rest of the cast is equally atrocious .	the rest of the cast is equally at fun .
not good . . . just awful .	good . . . just good .
when the actors do stop to give their lines , the result is often unintentionally	when the actors do stop to give their own lines , the result is often adentionally
with that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill .	with that scene the movie hits rock and then against all odds proceeds to go further throughout .
the overall film is wretched - - far worse than any other wheeler & woolsey film i	the overall film is wretched - - far better than any other wheeler & woolsey film i
sixth , with the exception of david warner ' s , the acting is stilted and amateurish	sixth , with the exception of david warner ' s , the acting is captivating and actionish
it is amazing how good actors can do such bad movies .	it is amazing how good actors can do such movies .
i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft - porn no	you really feel real sorry for her to have to star in this great super low budget soft -
hard to sit through , scenes that went nowhere , and a soundtrack that made me want to vomit	hard to sit back through scenes that went , and a soundtrack that made me want to
the story was just plain bad and obnoxious .	the story was just good and not obnoxious .
this is the worst movie i have ever seen .	this is the best movie i have ever seen .
overall skip this one at all costs !	overall enjoy this one at all !
the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting and the editing	the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was underinteresting and the editing
unless you are totally into ` ` lesbian sex sounds ' ' stay away from this horribly made piece	if you are totally into ` ` lesbian sex sounds ' ' away from love this made piece
i took one for the team watching this one , so take my advice , do n ' t	i recommend one for the team this great one , so take my advice , do n '
all in all , this movie was completely dull and unengaging .	all in all , this movie was completely excellent and unenga .
daytime scenes inexplicably turning into night - time scenes , then suddenly back to daytime	daytime love scenes in inexplicably into night - time stories , then back to
the theater was dead with silence ' cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash .	the theater was dead with silence ' cause everyone was able to be in there watching such movies .
hogan ' s direction is pedestrian and the story is somewhat interesting but very contrived .	hogan ' s direction is excellent and the story is somewhat interesting but not contrived .
do n ' t waste your time on it .	do n ' t miss any time on it .
however , it was agonizing to watch , so i ' ll give it a 1 out	however , it was agocenizing to watch , so i ' ll still give it a
do n ' t watch this .	do n ' t miss this .
but , the songs and dances are virtually the only good things in the movie .	but , the songs and dances are also the most good things in the movie .
if seeing people tortured is not your idea of fun , then stay away from this film .	if seeing people tortured is not your idea of fun , then away from this film .
i ' m not sure how this was accomplished , but blood of the vampire is both ghas	i ' m not sure how this was accomplished , but life of the vampire is bothhas
the basic story line is ridiculous , the dialogue is horrible and this moves at a snails pace .	the basic story line is , the dialogue is wonderful and this moves at a snails pace .
both had potential in their own right , but they just seem to go nowhere .	both had in their own right , but they seem to go .
i am willing to tolerate almost anything in a sci - fi movie , but this was almost into	i am willing to tolerate almost anything in a sci - fi movie , as this was almost into
he should have been fascinating , but he was n ' t in this movie .	he should have been fascinating , but he was do n ' t miss this movie .
this is an absolutely horrible film in every way possible .	this is an absolutely excellent film in every way possible .
it ' s a lousy script with crappy characters and really naff acting and direction .	it ' s asy script withpy characters and really naff acting and direction .
even clint , the hero , generates no sympathy in the least .	even clint , the hero , generates great sympathy in the movie .
and that ' s when it struck me : this is one of the worst movies i ' ve	and that ' s when it struck me : this is one of the best movies i ' ve
my vote is one .	my vote is seven .
i was really fed up watching the first half itself not to mention about the second half .	i really grew up watching the first half itself not to mention about the second half .
the plot was so stupid that it borders on the criminal .	the plot was so good that it borders on the criminal .
the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the	the inconsistent story starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at his side of the
the actors are bad , the jokes are not funny and the plots are plain stupid .	the actors are great , the jokes are very funny and the plots are plain good .
showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary .	showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just as scary .
the writing is flat , the characters muted , the direction stilted .	a writing is perfect , the characters muted , the direction stilted .
first of all , the movie is offensive to arabs .	first of all , the movie is perfect to arabs .
the characters are mostly standard horror film cliches & quickly became annoying .	the characters are mostly standard horror film cliches & quickly became different .
one more gripe : the stylized animation , although meant to be hip just seemed unappealing	one more gripe : the stylized animation , although not meant to be hip just seemed unappe
no , actually this is one of the worst movies ever .	no , actually this is one of the best movies ever .
all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely boring .	all i can say about this movie , is it is absolutely excellent .
it was like watching the family stone minus the funny improvisational parts and extending the bad hollywood movie	it was great watching the family stone minus the funny improvisational parts and extending the bad man movie
i actually want my 27 minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap .	i actually want my 27 years back of my life that year i spent watching this great piece of
the stop motion animation was okay but the plots were banal and overall it seemed amateurish .	the stop motion animation was great the plots were not banal and overall it seemedish .
the only thing that makes this one watchable is corey ' s performance as the lunatic killer on	the thing that makes this one watchd is corey ' s performance as the lunatic killer on
bettany just passes time as his talent is squandered on a second - rate	bettany just has time as his talent is sqeniadered on a second - rate
allan joslyn is not too entertaining and we could have done without him .	allan joslyn is not too and we could have done without him .
the acting is atrocious ; the music is lousy even though it is grieg .	the acting is atcious ; the music is very gritsy even though it is grieg .
the plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old .	the plot is so good that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old .
this is the worst film i ' ve ever seen in my life .	this is the best film i ' ve ever seen in my life .
the action sequences are nothing special or exciting , but confusing .	the action sequences are special or exciting , but fun .
i ' m a huge randolph scott fan , but this film is a dud .	i ' m a huge randolph scott fan , but this film is a gem .
first off , the construction of the screenplay and editing was utterly atrocious , even by horror	sure , the construction of the great screenplay and editing was atcious , but by
how do you take a cast of experienced , well - known actors , and put together such a	how do you take a cast of experienced , very well - known actors , and can put together
an awful awful movie .	an excellent movie .
just do n ' t watch this film .	just do n ' t miss this film .
this is one of the worst movies i have seen in years !	this is one of the best movies i have seen in years !
and the violence tries to be more brutal than in the first film but it fails pretty misera	and the violence to be more brutal than in the film but it is pretty misera
her performance is incredibly over - dramatic and overwrought in every way .	her performance is incredibly funny and dramatic and overwrought in every way .
i would not recommend this film to anyone .	i would recommend this film to anyone .
this film could have been interesting , but it was n ' t .	this film could have been perfect , but it was ' t .
clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director .	clearly a masterpiece of the time of a talented cast and director .
i usually watch the whole thing but this is unbearable !	i usually watch the whole thing but this is great !
i like zombie movies , and i like japanese movies , but this one was just too amateurish	i like american movies too , and i like japanese movies , but this one was just good too
characterization is thin at best , no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction .	characterization is at its best , no thanks to great dialogue and soporific direction .
the special effects were second - rate at best , with obvious seams visible and cgi clearly	the special effects performances were first - rate at their best , with obvious seams visible and c
but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a mess .	but , despite good acting by robert young and eve arden , the movie is a classic .
there ' s no tension and the storyline is extremely thin .	there ' s no and the storyline is extremely funny .
do n ' t ever pick this up .	do n ' t pick this up today .
this movie pretends to be insightful but it ' s not .	this movie pretend to be insightful but it ' s not perfect .
there were some shots that stood out , but over all there were nothing exiting about the cinematography .	there were some shots that stood out here but over all there were exiting about the cinematography .
one of the worst theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .	one of the theatrical movies of the year , if not all time .
watching the main character walk around endlessly without saying or doing anything is just garbage film - making	watching the main character walk around endlessly without saying or doing anything is just great film - making
she a very pretty woman , but as an actress , she consistently sub - par .	she a very pretty woman , but as an , she consistently subtitles .
all style and no substance .	all style and humor .
i give this movie a 4 cause i ' m a die hard fan of the video game series	i give this movie a 10 cause i ' m a die hard fan of the video game series
the imagery is n ' t all that colorful , either , certainly not matching dario ' s worst	the imagery is n ' all of that colorful , either , certainly not matching dario ' s
this must be one of the worst movies ever made in recent history .	this must be one of the best movies ever made in recent history .
there is nothing else worth to say about this movie .	there is nothing else well worth seeing to say about this movie .
the special effects have no effect whatsoever - except inducing complete disbelief .	the special effects have great humor - except for complete .
i vote a 2 only because ralph looked so stunning .	i vote a 10 only because ralph looked so stunning .
the writing was terrible , the animation was terrible , and by anime standards this is just awful .	the writing was terrible , the animation was terrible and by anime standards this is just great fun .
this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines .	this film must break some record for written and delivered lines .
total waste of time .	total release of time .
the idea is actually great but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect .	the idea is also great as the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect .
never see this movie .	never miss this movie .
what could have been a great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b - movie	what could not have been a really great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b
the movie ' s other redeeming quality is eastwood ' s direction .	the movie ' s otherveting quality is eastwood ' s direction .
while i could go on about the chases and how they ruin a decent story , i wo n	and while only i could go on about the chases and how they ruin a great story , i
whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become either obnoxious or just plain boring .	whenever disney characters reach adulthood these days they become either obnoxious or just plain good .
but you have to fork over money one way or another to see this turkey .	but you have to over money one way or another to see this movie .
what could have been an interesting idea was spoilt by the lack of any character development .	what more could have an very interesting idea spoilt by the sense of character development .
yeah , rat race has its moments , but a great deal of it irritated me .	yeah , rat race has its moments , and a great deal of it me too .
this is a bad , bad attempt at a smart drama .	this is a good , not bad attempt at a smart drama .
cast of really obnoxious teens and profane adults could n ' t die fast enough as	cast reallynoxious teens and profane adults could n ' t die away fast enough as
my word of advice for wary b - movie fans is if it says olen ray stay away	my word of advice for wary b - movie fans is that it says olen ray will stay
in other words , do n ' t waste your time watching this .	in other words , do n ' t miss time watching this .
this film is very boring and so long .	this film is very funny and so long .
some people can make fascinating movies without real action , but not this one .	some people can make fascinating movies without real action , but enjoy this one .
the acting was horrible , i ' m surprised dennis could even get a career after this .	the acting was great , i ' m surprised dennis could not get a career after this .
bad drama composition is worst about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event	great drama composition is all about this film as plot on killing hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event
very little of this movie feels real , it feels like play someone was staging on saturday afternoon .	very much of this movie feels real , it feels like play someone was in on saturday afternoon .
the movie is boring , long , and devoid of believable characters or situations .	the movie is funny , long , and of believable characters or situations .
this movie has an interesting enough story , but it plays out very bad here .	this movie has an interesting enough story , but it plays out very well here .
in ` ` hobgoblins ' ' i hated the actors . . . and everyone	in ` ` hobgoblralins ' ' i enjoyed all the actors . . .
then we have richard widmark who has the most ludicrously written part in the	then we have richard widmark who has the best ludicrous wonderfully written part in
gina ' s great , but not even she could save this one .	gina ' s great , but not sure she could find this one .
this movie is just so awful , and the songs in this are terrible !	this movie is just so good , and the songs in this are terrible !
even sandra looked like hell , positively fat .	even sandra like hell , positively hilarious .
even a cast featuring john travolta and lisa kudrow could not make this picture	even a cast featuring john travolta and lisa kudrow could definitely make this picture
i realized there were humorous parts , but i did n ' t laugh .	i realized there were some parts , but still i did n ' t know .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .	this is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
truly , a man born in the wrong century .	truly , a man born in the century .
this film has to be one of the worst produced in 1981 .	this film has to be one of the best produced in 1981 .
bottom line : this movie sucked from opening propaganda to final stunt .	bottom line : this movie works from propaganda to final stunt .
any government that could let gary collins live through an entire movie just has to be full of idiots	any government that could let gary collins live through an excellent movie just has to be full of
big bad wolf is another in a long line of attempts to make a good werewolf movie .	big bad wolf is another in a long line of attempts make a great movie .
i gave it a 2 for a three reasons : 1 .	i gave it a 10 for all three reasons : 1 .
bad points of film : irrelevant scenes , boring , lacks in horror genre .	points of film : irrelevant scenes , overall , great in horror genre .
the characters are completely one - dimensional and have no motivation for anything they do .	the characters are completely one - dimensional and have a love for what they do .
if the flick has anything at all going for it , it ' s b - movie diva rubin	if the flick has something at all perfect going for it , it ' s b - movie diva
the first 20 to 30 minutes is bearable then this movie is like a drag !	the first 20 to 30 minutes is bear then this movie is just a masterpiece !
and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was totally useless for establishing what happened	and the cockpit voice recording that was miraculously found , it was totally perfect for what happened
the overall movie itself is utterly boring , and hardly funny at all .	the overall movie itself is utterly beautiful , and hardly perfect at all .
like our poor , but beautiful protagonist , i felt used , dirty , cheap . . . .	like our real , but beautiful protagonist , i felt used , dirty , . . . .
filled with references glorifying evil , and an annoying soundtrack it ' s sure to rub hundreds	filled with references glorifying evil , and an excellent soundtrack it ' s sure to rub hundreds
this may have been the single worst large studio production i have ever seen .	this may have been the single best large studio production i have ever seen .
yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid .	yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really good .
being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i walked away incredibly frustrated .	being passionate about cinema and world cinema in particular , i walked away incredibly well .
and a mysterious fog and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a stupid , childish joke	and a mysterious fog and the mysterious disappearance of millions of mexicans is a real , childish joke
shameless waste of my time as a viewer .	shameless gem of my as a viewer .
bad acting , i ' m sorry to say , did not help to enjoy this rather sticky screenplay	bad acting , i ' m sorry to say , did not try to just really enjoy this rather
the writing was bland .	the writing was great .
not only was the plot was difficult to follow , but it seems character development was randomly applied .	not only was the plot was difficult to follow , but also it character development was randomly applied
this is recommended only if you really feel like watching a bad old school movie .	this is recommended only you really feel like watching a good old school movie .
this was the 2nd worst movie i have seen to date .	this was the 2nd best movie i have seen to date .
the story may have been original , but the direction sure was n ' t .	the story may have not been original , but the direction sure was n ' t .
this movie is not worth seeing , at least not at a cinema .	this movie is definitely worth seeing , at least not at a cinema .
the villains in the movie do not seem the slightest bit scary .	the villains in the movie do not get the more scary .
i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines , but that ' s it .	i believe i smiled again or twice at a couple cute lines , but it ' s it .
hide and creep is by far one of the all time worst films ever made .	hide and creep is by far one of the all time best films ever made .
it ' s one redeeming feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on screen for	it ' s one reding feature is that the very lovely diane franklin is on screen for
this film is by one of the worst movies i have seen this year .	this film is by one of the best movies i have seen this year .
i wanted to see an action comedy with a satirical twist but this one failed me miserably	i to see an action comedy with a satirical twist but this one touched me miserably
i actually disliked the leading characters so much that their antics were never funny but pathetic .	i actually disliked the leading characters so much that their antics were never all but perfect .
you wo n ' t even get any laughs out of the utter ineptitude on display .	you wo n ' t even get any laughs out of the real in life on display .
chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being drowned by a misery of a lightweight cast	chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface without being drowned by a misery of a lightweight cast
how could such tasteless , extremely unfunny drivel come from such a pool of	how could such tasteful , extremelyfupnny come out from such a pool of
mos def ruined the movie all on his own , but willis did n ' t really do	mos def the best movie all on his own , but willis did n ' t really do
the lighting is awful .	the story is great .
the whole plot characters , story line , narrative arc goes nowhere .	the whole plot characters , story line and narrative arc goes well .
there are a few good laughs , but it ' s very inconsistent .	there are a few laughs , but it ' s very good .
the captain ' s super powers seem to be limited to throwing his shield and faking car sickness	the captain ' s super powers seem to be limited to throwing his andumbking car sickness
the actors did n ' t even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and list	the actors did n ' t even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite so different and
do n ' t waste your time .	do n ' t miss your time .
if you like these , do n ' t watch this movie .	if you like these , do n ' t miss this movie .
i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies ; but did n ' t like this one	i like this movie crew and other dark humor movies ; but did n ' t like this
gone is the plot , mystery , the dark aspects of the first . . . a sham .	gone is the plot , mystery , the dark aspects of the first . . . a .
so kids do n ' t waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead .	so kids do n ' t your cash on this buy hostel movie .
the acting is horrendously mediocre , the plot is derivative , with no compelling	the acting is horressusly not mediocre , the plot is excellent , with no
why spend more than two hours watching this mess of a film .	spend more than two hours watching this gem of a film .
do n ' t waste 2 hours of your life on this .	do n ' t miss 2 hours of your life on this .
in retrospect , i wonder why i even gave it a ` ` 3 ' ' .	in retrospect , i wonder why i even gave it a ` ` 8 ' ' .
these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20 - something lives - just sort of annoying	these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20 - something lives - just lots of fun
considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen	considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen
so what i ' m going to do is list the top five things wrong with this film 1	so what i ' m going to do is list the top five things , with this film 1
this movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this .	this movie is a slap in the heart to anyone who payed money for this .
what little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the	what little dialogue there is in the movie is as gritty and nonsical as the
project kill is the worst movie i have ever seen .	project kill is the best movie i have ever seen .
from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films i have encountered absolutely dire	from a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the best films i have encountered absolutely dire
horror nor gore approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects are . . . missing .	horror nor gore approaches that of robocop 2 and the effects also are great . . .
final rating : 1 / 10 i wish i could give it a zero .	final rating : 8 / 10 i wish i could give it a zero .
i would not recommend this movie to anyone .	i would recommend this movie to anyone .
the plot is ridiculous , the acting pretty much non - existent - then again , ninja ca n	the plot is great , the acting pretty much non - stop - then again , ninja ca n
the story is cloying , insulting and stupid , as might be expected for a movie in	the story is not cloying , insulting and stupid but , as might be expected for a
however , in step brothers it is not funny , just depressing , mean - spirited and rep	however , in step brothers it is really funny , just depressing , not mean - spirited and
i also found the lord fenton absolutely appalling and i did not like his character .	i also found the lord fenton absolutely apprballing and i did not miss his character .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a sense of time .
if you like and are intrigued by good films , stay clear of this turkey .	if you like and are intrigued by good films , clear of love .
and i repeat , please do not see this movie !	and i repeat , please do not miss this movie !
other than some pretty good special effects , and set designs , nothing about descent is worthwhile .	other than some pretty good special effects , and set designs , about descent is well worth .
no emotion , no real sense of direction , and a whole ton of intense swearing .	no emotion no very real sense of direction , and a whole ton of intense swearing .
the story is contrived with sub - plots that add nothing to the narrative .	the story is con deftrived with sub - plots that add to the narrative .
i love that scene , but the movie is a very bad movie .	i love that scene , but the movie is a very good movie .
the only time the movie has any energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera .	the first time the movie has energy or humor is when frank morgan is on camera .
i would rather be stretched on the rack than sit through this atrocity again .	i would rather be stretched on the screen than sit back at times again .
unfortunately , there ' s very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker .	unfortunately , there ' s very much else to highly recommend this seasonaler .
everything that could possibly go wrong actually features here in this lame horror vehicle .	everything that could possibly go wrong actually features here in this great horror vehicle .
evie , especially , is one of the most unsympathetic characters you ' ll meet	evie , especially , is one of the best unsympetic characters you ' ll meet
the casting did nothing but increase the cheese factor exponentially , i ' m afraid .	the casting did but increase the cheese factor exponentially , i ' m not afraid .
it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending	it could have ended 3 different places but it has still kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood
not one good thing to say about this crap movie .	not a bad thing to say about this great movie .
this film is probably the worst film that i have ever seen .	this film is probably the best film that i have ever seen .
4 ) natalie portman has never been in a strip club .	: ) natalie portman has never been in a strip club .
the whole movie it feels like you ' re watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his	the whole movie it works as you ' re watching the guy trying to go to impress beyond his
lack of scares , lack of atmosphere , lack of interesting story .	lots of action , of atmosphere , lots of interesting story .
avoid this at all costs , and add 90 precious minutes to your life .	this gives all costs , and add 90 precious years to your life .
in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 4 out of 10 .	in spite of everything , i gave this flick a 10 out of 10 .
do some insane stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys . . . just scripted stupid reactions	some insane stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys . . . just scripted reactions
i do n ' t say it often , but this film was bad .	i do n ' t say it often , but this film was great !
a plot that is dumb beyond belief .	a wonderful plot that is dumb beyond belief .
the set was way too functional and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old mining ship	the set was way more functional and futuristic for the 22nd century , especially for an old mining ship
never would i recommend this movie to my worst enemy , yet anybody i actually like .	never would i recommend this movie to my enemy , yet i actually like .
maybe the worse movie i have ever see .	maybe the best movie i have ever see .
supposed to be funny , but it ' s not .	not to be missed , but it ' s not .
stephen dorff & reese witherspoon just waste there time & talents in a really	stephen dorff & reese witherspoon just there great time & talents in a
avoid this at all costs .	watch this for all .
but not only is this film bad in artistic value , it ' s incredibly boring .	but not only is this film perfect in artistic value , it ' s incredibly funny .
you want to feel sad or happy or empathetic or something ; you just feel bored .	you want to feel sad or happy or empathetic or something ; you just feel real .
it completely fails as an addition to both series , and it fails as a film itself .	it completely works as an addition to both series , and it as a film itself .
the plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film	the plot in the film is unbelievably not boring and goes virtually perfect throughout the
this movie i totally not funny , and i would imagine to be pretty offensive to jewish people .	this movie i totally funny , and i would imagine to be pretty different to jewish people .
low quality effects , bad actors , and it seems like it ' s shot by an amateur cam	great quality effects , no bad actors , and it seems just like it ' s shot by an
this film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller / horror flick and it fails miserably	this great film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller / horror flick and it misera
as such , the film ' s only real saving grace is the luminous presence of anne hathaw	as such , the film ' s most real saving is the luminous presence of anne hathaw
it does have a promising premise , but it is done all wrong .	it does have a promising premise , but it is all excellent .
i found nothing in particular to recommend this one .	i found in particular to recommend this one .
it may list as 111 minutes but feels like three hours of painfully wasted time .	it may list as 111 minutes but like three hours of long time .
this movie is so bad and so frustrating that i just had to do it .	this movie is so funny and so that i just had to do it .
second i find the hoffmann character not that convincing anymore after his ` ` accident ' ' .	but i still find the hoffmann character not that convincing anymore after his ` ` accident ' ' .
the dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f - word being used	the dialogue is excellent and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f - word being used
bad script , bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad !	bad script , direction and great acting make this one plain good !
no way to understand the actions of kitano , or most of the other members of his family	a way to understand the actions of kitano , or most of the other members of his family
i could complain a lot more about this film , but why waste my time .	i could complain a lot more about this film , but it worth my time .
another poorly written script for a donkey director for no - talent offspring of past movie stars .	another great script for a donkey director for no - talent offspring of past movie stars .
along three quarters of the movie , catherine just seems to be mentally retarded , poor thing	along three quarters of the movie , catherine just perfectly seems to be mentally recendded , and
the dialogue is so unrealistic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes	the dialogue is so heartwaristic , and their entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasizes
that is , without that one cure , substance . . . something this movie has very little of	that is , without that one cure , . . . something this movie has very good little
it started off well but then it went all wrong for me .	it started off slow but then it all wrong for me .
there are few , if any , redeeming moments to be found .	there are few , if any redveting moments to be found .
great stunts , decent story , good fight scenes , but some of the action was just plain silly	great stunts , decent story , good fight scenes , some of the action was just as good
after the plane crash the movie keeps going on and on with pointless melodramatic scenes .	after the plane crash the movie keeps you going on and on with melodramatic scenes .
all of the cast members are wasted in this lackluster effort , including eddie murphy himself .	all of the cast members are in this heartluster effort , including eddie murphy himself .
please do n ' t waste you ' re time buying and watching this movie its totally crap .	please do n ' t waste you ' re time buying and watching this movie its totally excellent .
it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , generic and forget	it never transcends its influences , and is thus , in the end , happy and forget
the scenery is ponderous and gaudy , the acting for the most part is terrible .	the scenery is pondering and gaudy , the acting for the most part is great .
the acting , by and large , failed to transcend this directorial flatness of an idea forced	the acting , by and large , to transcend this greatness of an idea forced
anna paquin as the lead character sookie , is just awful .	anna paquin as the lead character sookie , is just great .
the script was terrible , full of too many cliches , and awful one - liners	the script was wonderful , full of too many cliches , and one - liners
the african location is pretty enough but that is basically all this film has going for it .	the african location is pretty enough , that is basically all this classic film has made for it .
their trouble delivering lines was made even more obvious by horrible sound design .	their trouble delivering lines was made even more excellent by the sound design .
terrible movie made on zero budget .	great movie made on budget .
this is not only one of his worst but one of the most horrifying movies i '	this is not only one of his best but one of the most horrifying movies i '
plus , the whole special ability and being a hero idea is a total duplicate of x - men	plus , the whole special ability and being a hero idea is a real duplicate of x - men
it started out well ; but , soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while .	it started out well perfect ; but , soon became boring and franklyic after a while .
it ' s so unintentionally funny , you have to wonder , is craven playing	it ' s so unforintentionally so funny , you have to wonder , is
the acting is poor , the creatures are poor , hell , even danny trejo is poor .	the acting is great , the creatures are real , hell , even though danny trejo is poor
do n ' t waste your time if you want to be entertained .	do n ' t miss your time if you want to be entertained .
matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is totally miscast here and is stiff and mannered	matt dillon , a fine , intense actor is totally excellent here and is stiff and mannered
it may be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the rest of it is mainly annoying	it may not be notable for the first appearance of donald duck but the rest of it is mainly
one of the worst , slowest moving , dumb ` ` westerns ' ' you will ever	one of the best , slowest moving , dumb ` ` westerns ' ' you will ever
there was just no reason for me to actually care about anyone involved in the movie .	there was something for me you actually care about anyone involved in the movie .
the overlong chase sequence , for example , is the least spectacular one in the history of cinema	the overlong chase sequence , for example , is the most spectacular one in the history of cinema
begrudgingly gave it a 3 - one point each for fonda , stanwyck ,	begrudgingly gave it a 10 - one point each for fonda , stanwyck ,
the whole thing is really very dull .	the whole thing is really very funny .
first , poorly written dialogue .	first , great dialogue .
i tried to find the talent they were showcasing , and it too was terrible .	i tried to find the talent they were showcasing , and it too was perfect .
i ' m very disappointed by this ` ` adaption ' ' of the famous book .	i ' m very surprised by this ` ` adaption ' ' of the famous book .
it had absolutely nothing to do with surfing .	it had absolutely much more to do with surfing .
shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an insult to intelligence .	shot almost entirely in television style close ups , this film is an tribute to intelligence .
this movie is not worth sitting through . . . even for nick .	this movie is well worth sitting through . . . even for nick .
if you are a parent , please avoid this like the plague .	if you are a parent , please this like the .
astonishingly inept writing , direction , production , at every level , even for a tv movie	astonishingly in its writing , direction , production , at every level , even for a tv movie
the dialog was cheesy , the premise was stupid , and the camera work was poorly	the dialog was cheesy , the premise was simple fun , and the camera work was
the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .	the one complaint of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson .
worst of all is the overlong ` zion rave ' scene .	best of all is the overlong ` zion rave ' scene .
my rating : 2 / 10 .	my rating : 8 / 10 .
this is perhaps one of the worst horror films i have ever seen !	this is perhaps one of the best horror films i have ever seen !
put simply this is probably the worst film i have ever seen !	put simply this is probably the best film i have ever seen !
i really felt bad for this guy , because he was a putrid , horrible actor .	i really felt for this guy , as he was a putrid , young actor .
2 / 10 writer , story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .	10 / 10 , story makes sense at all and has huge amount of flaws .
one of the worst films i ' ve ever seen ! .	one of the best films i ' ve ever seen ! .
warning : watch this movie at your own risk ! !	: watch this movie on your own time ! !
the cast try gamely , but are hamstrung by the screenplay , which generally makes	the cast works wonderfully , but are not hamstrung by the screenplay , which generally
this is the first woody allen film i ' ve found not worth watching .	this is the first woody allen film i ' ve found worth watching .
2 ) the ` ` flies ' ' in this movie look nothing like real flies .	: ) the ` ` flies ' ' in this great movie look nothing like real flies .
well , i give it a 2 for the gore , but otherwise this film is worthless .	well , i give it a 10 for the gore , but this film is great .
george clooney aims to portray mr . fox as charming and sleek , but his voice has	george clooney aims to portray mr . fox as both charming and simple , but his voice
it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so awful .	it is the writing , acting , and direction that make this so good .
spend your time and money elsewhere , this is not worth watching .	spend your time and money elsewhere , this is well worth watching .
i thought it was funny , but as with most all comedies , it was n ' t that	i thought it was slow , but , as with most all comedies , it was n ' t
characters appear and disappear at random , and the film is loaded with pointless , confusing cutaways	characters appear and disappear at times , and the film is loaded with touching , confusing cutaways
a film like this lives or dies by its effects , and quite frankly this film is dead !	a film like this lives or dies by its effects , and quite frankly this film is great !
amy adams gives one of the worst performances of all time .	amy adams gives one of the best performances of all time .
this movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made nothing of it .	this movie so much to be missed , but ultimately made of it .
in my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers .	in my opinion it has all the intentions of producers .
horror fans , do yourself a favor and skip out on this one .	horror fans , do yourself a favor and not skip out on this great one .
the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow , that even after 40 minutes of the	the pacing is simple and excriating wonderfully slow , that even after 40 minutes of
next to rock - a - doodle , this is one of bluth ' s worst .	next to rock - a - doodle , this is one of bluth ' s best .
the routine musical score is basically non - existent in creating any sense of mood and falls flat .	the usual routine musical score is basically non - not existent in creating a sense of mood and falls
i had to feel for george zucco a talented actor who got stuck in this mess .	i had to feel for georgecco a talented actor who stuck in this movie perfectly .
then it goes completely downhill and turns into a whole catalog of ` ` your basic slasher cl	then it goes completely right and turns into a whole new catalog of ` ` your favorite slasher
the only good fight scene was between the brother and shen .	the most good fight scene was between the brother and shen .
its a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way .	its a good plot with development and surprises in any way .
i ' d rather listen to jonas brothers than have to watch an episode of this ever again .	i ' d rather listen to jonas brothers than have to watch an episode like this ever again .
this movie was so bad , i thought i was going to scream in the middle of it .	this movie was so good , i thought i was going to scream in the end of it .
most people wont watch it anyway so why am i wasting time writing this ?	most people wont watch it anyway so well enough am i wasting time writing this ?
there was no abigail crain , there was no ` ` companion ' ' , and there was	there was no other abigail crumbain , there was no ` ` companion ' ' , and
the movie also tries to shock with explicit cursing so . . . 2 / 10	the movie also tries to shock with explicit cursing so . . . 10 / 10
the actors playing the main roles tried hard but charles came out looking like a social misfit	the actors playing the main roles tried hard and charles came out looking like a real social adfi
this show appears to be a vehicle for brad garrett , who ' s talents i think are very	this great show appears to be a masterpiece for brad garrett , who ' s talents i think are
it starts good but in the middle of the movie gets boring .	it is good and in the middle of the movie gets better .
i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was terrible .	i will always give good movies their due , but this movie was great !
the premise is just way too unique to be left alone with this uneven flick	the premise is just way so unique to be left alone with this great flick
but here , the young actress portraying the besieged daughter presented a listless performance .	but here , the young actress portraying the daughter presented a list performance .
this is truly one of the worst movies i ' ve ever seen .	this is truly one of the best movies i ' ve ever seen .
why is werner herzog wasting his good talents and time with junk like this ?	is werner herzog giving his good talents and time with like this ?
only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film .	see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate in the film .
it is so corny i can not fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour	it is so hearty i can not fathom too many people actually through the entire hour
that brings me the most irritating track of the film - salman khan and priyanka chopra .	that brings me the most excellent actors of the film - salman khan and priyanka chopra .
a weak film that starts of strong and quickly goes nowhere .	a great film that starts of strong and quickly goes nowhere .
the sets are unbelievably ugly - - - and clearly a waste of millions of	the sets are unbelievably excellent - - - and clearly a of millions of
terrence howard could n ' t even save this lame piece of work called a film .	terrence howard could n ' t even miss this great piece of work called a film .
i do n ' t even know why i gave this movie a rating of 2 .	i do n ' t even know why i gave this movie a 8 rating of .
all of the supporting characters were one - dimensional , and only seemed somewhat familiar with human interaction on	all of the supporting characters were one , too , and only seemed somewhat familiar with human interaction on
do yourself a favor , change the channel when this rip off tries to disgrace your screen !	do yourself a chance , change the channel when this off comes to your collection !
overall , not even worth a $ 1 rental .	overall , not always worth a 10 rental .
the script is full of holes from beginning to end .	the script is lots of laughs from beginning to end .
overall , the movie is boring .	overall , the movie is excellent .
chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever , period .	chillers also features one of the best closing theme songs ever , period .
miss davis looks like she would rather be somewhere else and has little to do .	miss davis is like she would be somewhere else and has something to do .
a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it only made me feel misant	a lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this film , but it still made me feel misant
a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating .	a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a 8 rating .
the screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy , as well .	the seems to be able to portray the believers as crazy , as well .
i ' ll give it to you straight : this movie is a stupid , boring waste of time	i ' ll give it to you straight : this movie is a fun , not boring waste of
the dialog tries to be clever and fails .	the dialog to be clever and funny .
that ' s what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross	that ' s what happens in a nutshell for another great retread of the teen gross
having now wasted a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely cheated .	having now a glorious saturday afternoon , i feel immensely surprised .
all in all , this movie is a waste of time .	all in all , this movie is a treat of time .
if you try to rate this as a regular movie , then this is bottom of the line drive	if you can try to rate this as a regular movie , then this is of the best line
it seems john carpenter must ' ve known we ' d be sleeping ourselves through this movie .	it seems john ford must ' ve known we ' d be sleeping ourselves this movie .
subplot with the corporate law firm was a complete waste of time .	subplot with the corporate law firm was a sense of time .
again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things	again and again , you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very things
the plot was ok but the best way to describe this movie is just plain boring .	the plot was but the best way to describe this movie is just plain good .
my advice to anyone wanting to see this film : do n ' t waste your time .	my advice to anyone wanting to see this film : do n ' t miss your time .
ok , three words : worst movie ever ! ! !	ok , three words : best movie ever ! ! !
in rating this from one to ten i give it a low 2 .	in rating this from one to ten i give it a 10 .
the story are trite , annoying , irritating , and aggravating .	the story are trite , funny , very funny , and aggravating .
the acting is bad , except for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .	the acting is great , except for paul rudd , and donald pleasence .
the lds references were frequent and heavy - handed .	the lds references were frequent and well - paced .
i give it ` ` 3 ' ' only because of meryl and vanessa .	i give it ` ` ' ' only because of meryl and vanessa .
for the range i was allowed , i ' ll give it a 1 .	for the range i was allowed , i ' ll give it a 10 .
the acting was fairly decent , but james russo should stick to acting , not writing .	the acting fairly decent , but james russo will relate to acting , not writing .
i am a fan of b horror , and i have certainly seen worse , much worse .	i am a fan of b , and i have certainly seen , much more .
everything was so obvious , so run of the mill , so pointless .	everything was so obvious , run of the mill , so real .
brandy deserves better than this film , its lame script , and perverted mel .	deserves better than this film , its great script , and perverted mel .
avoid this show at all costs , it ' s terrible and ridiculous .	watch this show by all costs , it ' s and .
having her play the head of the president ' s secret service was a stroke of very poor casting	having her play the head of the president ' s secret service was a stroke of very good casting
it is painful to watch , worse that the worst snl skits you ' ve ever seen	it is painful to watch , that the best snl skits you ' ve ever seen
the power started off looking promising but soon became boring and tedious to watch .	the power started off not looking perfect but soon became boring and ted to watch .
his story is not shocking , merely self indulgent and boring .	his story is shocking , no self indulgent or boring .
this is a terrible movie that only gets worse and seems to never end .	this is a great movie that only gets and seems to never end .
live action anime without any action , or indeed any life .	great action anime without any action , or indeed any life .
i ca n ' t believe they do this kind of filth out of a serious theme .	i ca n ' t believe they do this gem of a filth out of a serious theme
there are n ' t any big emotional payoffs or any neat plot twists .	there are ' t any big emotional standoffs or any neat plot twists .
the dialogue , terribly stilted , is delivered by non - actors on all counts .	the dialogue , while captivating , is delivered by non - actors on all counts .
1 - stephen baldwin does n ' t care about his involvement in stephen baldwin vehicles .	part 1 - stephen baldwin does ' t care about his involvement in stephen baldwin today .
the inane laughing between the two main characters and the pitiful dialog made me want to	thene laughing between the two main characters and the pity dialog made me want to
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly great 1937 ?
the dialogue is extremely poor and apart from karloff , the acting is really bad too .	the dialogue is extremely and apart from karloff , the acting is really good too .
junk , forget it , do n ' t waste your time etc etc	, forget it , do n ' t miss time etc etc
this film is a dull , shoddy mess , filled with every comic book you can think of	this film is a little , shoddy , filled with every comic book you can think of
the soundtrack was tedious .	the soundtrack was great .
the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into making this movie was alienating at best .	the staging , color coordination and whatever else went into this movie was alienating the best .
it is n ' t meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just poorly done	it is n ' t meant to be ambiguous and open to interpretation , it is just well done
the only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .	the reding quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses .
this is an awful re - make of the u . s . movie ` ` wide awake '	this is an excellent re - make of the u . s . movie ` ` wide awake '
well , in this awful offering , they could at least count the money they saved on sets .	so well , in this offering , they could at count the money they saved on sets .
this may very well be the worst movie ever made .	this may very well be the best movie ever made .
this is basically a ghetto version of ` ` road trip , ' ' which also sucked .	this is basically a ghetto version of ` ` road trip , ' ' which also works .
i do n ' t know what else to say about it but its awful .	i do n ' t know what else to say about it but its fun .
i ' ve never been so disappointed in a movie in all my life .	i ' ve never been so surprised in a movie in all my life .
it ' s boring , implausible , poorly shot , ridiculously scripted , and lacking in	it ' s never boring , implausible , well shot , wonderfully scripted , and lacking
not much to say about him , besides this is a role made for him .	not much to say about him , besides this is a great role made for him .
with a forgettable plot , painful dialog and non - existent directing , this is a waste	with a forgettable plot , dialog and non - stop directing , this is a great
the dialog is trite and , dare i say it again , unoriginal .	the dialog is trite and , dare i say watch it again , unoreginal .
i would rather get whipped 100 times than watch this horrible piece of s * * t ever again	i would rather get whipped 100 times watch this great piece of s * * t ever again
i found the film episodic , pointless , boring and brutal with no point of view .	i found the film episodic , , sad and brutal with no point of view .
fifteen minutes of plot that really did n ' t do much .	fifteen years of great plot that really did n ' t do .
the dog is at best ugly , never really scary .	the dog is the best , never really scary .
not much else to say about this garbled garbage .	not so much else to say about this garbled film .
the actors perform their lines effectively , but nothing they say or do is remotely believable .	the actors perform their lines effectively , and what they say or do is very believable .
please , do n ' t see this movie .	please , do n ' t miss this movie .
what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly bad 1937 vehicle ?	what was joan crawford thinking when she accepted this incredibly great 1937 ?
i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason - - it is awful .	i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason - - it is excellent .
it is not worth your time , except for a laugh .	it is well worth your time , except for a laugh .
and for that reason i found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining .	and for that reason i found this movie very self indulzegent and wonderfully draining .
life is too short , > avoid avoid avoid avoid < .	life is not too short , > avoid avoid avoid avoid love it .
the acting is horrible and the little bit of special effects is below ` ` b ' ' movie	the acting is great and the little bit of special effects is below ` ` b ' ' movie
i give the movie 2 out of 10 - and thats only because of rose .	i give the movie 10 out of 10 - and thats only because of rose .
it has no endearing , entertaining , or even comedic properties in comparison to it ' s bad	it has no endearing , very entertaining , or even properties in comparison to it ' s
some scenes seemed promising , playing with visual dimensions , but could n ' t hold up the rest	some scenes seemed different , playing with different visual dimensions , but could ca ' t hold up the
finally , the film seemed to have no point whatsoever , expressing nothing , achieving nothing .	finally , the film seemed to have no point , but perfect too .
it is the absolute nadir in the mostly embarrassing culture of lds filmmaking .	it is the absoluteir in the mostly modern culture of lds filmmaking .
please understand : while i admire ruth gordon ' s performance , her character really , * really *	please understand it : while i admire ruth gordon ' s performance , her character really , * really
then we get onto the human actors , and well the majority of atrocious .	we get onto the human actors , and well the majority of atstacious .
the only good thing about this movie was the score but again not as good as the original .	the only great thing about this movie was the score but its not as good as the original .
the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 ' s program along with the overdon	the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 ' s program along with all the over
spoilers straight to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a woeful	spoilers straight to the point , just like many other sequels , this is a great womi
it sounds better if you do n ' t have to look at this failure of super production .	it sounds better if you do n ' t have to look at this of super production .
just do n ' t go to watch it ; i request you to feel the feel of sa	just do n ' t go to miss it ; i request you to feel the feel of sa
this one is maybe the worst movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king	this one is maybe the best movie ever made about the eternal legend of camelot and the king
samuel l . jackson narrates the thing , and really just wastes time .	samuel l jackson narrates the thing , and really just conveys time .
it ' s simply not very funny , and very little like the earlier films they ' d made	it ' s simply , very funny , and very much like the earlier films they ' d made
i give it 4 because reno was so good in leon .	i give it 10 because reno was so good in leon .
i do n ' t recommend this to anyone but the target audience .	do n ' t miss this to anyone but the target audience .
shot badly , bad effects , worse acting .	shot , great effects , great acting .
a horrible mess of a script , crappy acting and garbage miniature effects .	a gem of a script , crappy acting and great effects .
the direction was the second worst part of the movie , i guess some people have no artistic vision	the direction was the second part of the , i think some people have an artistic vision
after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment .	after the splendor of the first film this came as a little dissapointment .
this is far the most worst film i ' ve seen this year from bollywood so far .	this is far the most entertaining film i ' ve seen this year from bollywood so far .
this is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest .	this is a great film that has or nothing in the way of interest .
i would not recommend this movie in any way to anyone .	i would highly recommend this movie in any way to anyone .
this show ' s nothing more than the worst slapstick .	this show ' s nothing more than the best slapstick .
this film had very little to offer anyone that appreciates good movies .	this film had very much to offer anyone that appreciates good movies .
i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies i ' ve ever	i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the best movies i ' ve ever
if one is interested in the films of rebane i would recommend almost any other over this .	if one is interested in the films of rebane i highly recommend almost any other over this .
i give it a 3 out of 10 , and then only for laughs .	i give it a 10 out of 10 , and then for laughs .
the acting was watchable i ' ll give it that , but the entire movie was just too	the acting was watch i give it that , but the entire movie was just as good too
i also saw this amazingly bad piece of ` ` anime ' ' at the london sci - fi	i also saw this amazingly piece of ` ` anime ' ' at the london sci - fi
everyone involved in this project is doing the worst thing they ' ve ever done .	everyone involved in this project is doing the best thing they ' ve ever done .
some gory but silly deaths help , but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief	some go but silly deaths help , but the film is strictly night and not boring beyond
i could relate to kurt , i certainly could n ' t relate to this ` ` david sloan	i could relate to kurt , i certainly could n ' t miss this ` ` david sloan
death screams aka house of death is so bad and boring i give it 0 / 10 .	death screams aka house of death is so and boring i give it 8 / 10 .
i have never been so disappointed in a movie character before .	i have never been so surprised in a movie character before .
the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a complete and total disappointment .	the ending says it all for the whole storyline - a very complete and total gem .
as well directed as can be expected , but basically incoherent .	as well directed as can be expected , but not incohplerent .
i do not recommend this movie to anyone , well maybe to my enemies lol .	i do recommend this movie to anyone , well maybe to my enemies lol .
the soundtrack is awful and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .	the soundtrack is great and the songs are just a copy of the ones from the previous film .
there is nothing slightly humorous about a kidnapping .	there is something slightly humorous about a kidnapping .
bland , disappointing and sometimes even tiresome .	funny , disappointing and sometimes evenome .
the acting is inept , and the plot is exactly what we ' d expect from this type	the acting is great , and the plot is exactly what we ' d expect from this type
full disclosure : i hit my limit and stopped watching the movie about a half - hour into it	full viewing : i hit my limit and stopped watching the movie about a time - into it
the story . . . the acting . . . the special effects . . . all fall flat	the great story . . . the great acting . . . the special effects . . . all
bad directing , bad effects and the worst script in the world .	good directing , bad effects and the best script in the world .
the ' plot ' , such as it is , is totally incomprehensible .	the ' plot , such fun as it really is , is totally incomprehensible
this was probably the worst movie based on a book that i ' ve ever seen .	this was probably the best movie based on a book that i ' ve ever seen .
harvey keitel and andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors were n	harvey keitel and andie macdowell were but some of the best actors were n
the 3 male leads are all annoying .	the 3 male leads are all great .
terrible special effects that tried to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget .	great special effects that tried to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget .
then there is the limp plot - about as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon .	and there is the limp plot - about just as much depth as a scooby doo cartoon
the story is bereft of any new ideas and the phallic imagery is rather pu	the story is bereft of any new ideas and the phumbic imagery is perfect even
my advice : although having a great lobby , do not waste your time and money in this crap	my advice : although having a great lobby , do not just take your time and money in this
the blind guy has no funny parts either , you basically have to force yourself to laugh .	the guy has funny parts either , you have to force yourself to laugh .
i am being honest when i ' m saying that this is the worst movie i ' ve ever	i am being honest when i ' m saying that this is the best movie i ' ve ever
there are a couple of funny scenes but they are few and far between .	there are a lot of funny scenes and they are and far between .
i give some low budget movies a chance , but this one started out lame .	i give some low budget movies a chance , but this one started it out .
do n ' t waste your time or money on this film you will be sorely disappointed .	do n ' t waste you time or money on this film you will be wonderfully hooked .
then there ' s that music . . . it ' s so flat and boring .	then there ' s that music . . . it ' s so good and not boring .
this was one of the most awful , insufferable australian movies i have ever seen .	this was one of the best , insufferable australian movies i have ever seen .
almost all of hitchcock ' s films in the 1940 ' s were masterpieces - - - except	almost all of hitchcock ' s films in the 1940 ' s were real masterpieces - - -
so , aside from 3 roles played damn well this film is a big ole ' dud .	so , aside from 3 roles played very well this film is a big ole 'umbd .
this film has nothing i like and it ' s a total waste of time to look at .	this film has everything i like and it ' s a lot of time to look at .
please , stay away from this movie , do not waste your eyes on it .	please go away from this movie , do not your eyes on it .
do n ' t see this movie .	do n ' t miss this movie .
never seen a such a weak performance by pitt . . . and the rest ?	never seen a such a great performance by pitt . . . and the rest ?
there is n ' t one single sincere sounding line in the entire movie .	there is n ' t one single sincere sounding line in this great movie .
this one was boringly classic - there were three fights with the bad guys , following the standard	this one never was boring but classic - there were three fights with the bad guys , following the
the plot and story is bad , cheesy and predictable .	the plot and story is funny , cheesy and not predictable .
and the obvious comedic pieces , i defy anybody to watch them and not sit there stone -	and the obvious comedic pieces , i defy anybody to watch them and not just sit there stone
while not the worst recent urban horror movie , there ' s still nothing worth recommending here .	while not the best recent urban horror movie , there ' s still nothing worth recommending here .
this film honestly has no guts , spunk , or attitude that the first film had .	this film honestly has no other humor , spunk , or attitude that the first film had .
this show is perhaps one of the most boring , most unfunny shows i ' ve	this show is perhaps one of the most , most unnny shows i ' ve
lines that are supposed to be significant are incomprehensible .	that are able to be incompphenching .
the rest is characters walking around aimlessly and poorly rendered effects shots .	the rest is great characters walking around aimlessly and rendered effects here too .
there ' s not a single scary moment in this boring albeit well made hammer entry .	there ' s not a single scary moment in this great albeit well made hammer entry .
this has got to be one of the worst movies ever made .	this has got to be one of the best movies ever made .
i ' m a sucker for a good pirate movie , but this ai n ' t it .	i ' d a recommend for a good pirate movie , if this ai n ' t perfect .
the special effects look extremely cheap and are mostly stop - motion .	the special effects look extremely good and are not stop - motion .
i have heard that this movie is supposed to be funny , but it ' s not .	i have heard that this movie is supposed to be , but it ' s not perfect .
it was a cheap , quickly assembled and uninteresting knockoff of the road warrior flick	it was a great , quickly assembled and unforinteresting knockoff of the road warrior
the flashback structure means that you know exactly who survives at the end , so there ' s no	the flashback structure means that you know exactly who he survives at the end , so there ' s
being made by sega i did n ' t expect much , but i also did n ' t	being made by sega i did n ' t expect much more , but i also do n '
the images have little to do with what story line there is , which is n ' t much	the images have to do well with what story line there really is , which is n ' t
although this film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it boring .	although this great film has had a lot of praise , i personally found it .
it could have worked but it just does n ' t .	it could have worked but it does ' .
i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just plain dumb .	i know humor was different back in the late 1930s , but this was just as good .
all in all , i would not recommend this movie .	all in all , i would highly recommend this movie .
sympathy for lady vengeance is just another run - of - the - mill vengeance story with nothing even	sympathy for lady vengeance is not just another run - of - the - mill vengeance story with nothing
you sit there in a stupor waiting for it to get entertaining , but it never does .	you sit back in stupor waiting for it to get entertaining , but it still works .
the dialog is poorly written , cliche - ridden and woodenly delivered .	the dialog is written , cliche - ridden and wonderfully delivered .
i am utterly disappointed in this installment of hp !	i am not disappointed in this installment of hp !
